[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> First of all, thanks
for coming out this late.
Obviously, it's been a
very, very long weekend.
I'm sure you know that I'm
talking about the Seven
Principles, the Hermetic Seven
Principles, tonight, and also
the power of thought.
So I'm going to really go
heavy on the power of thought.
And for some of you
who may have been--
well, how many were here
yesterday in my talk?
OK, so there's a
few that weren't.
So there's a couple of
slides that overlap,
just because they
really have a lot
to do with what we're going
to be going over tonight.
So you may see a couple of
slides that actually overlap.
But it's very important.
Sometimes, it's good to see
things two, three, four,
sometimes 10 times.
That's why on my
social media sites,
sometimes I repost my content
10, 15, 20 times, you know?
Like once, if I have a real
powerful piece of content,
I'll repost it sometimes
every three months
or every four months like
I did today, actually,
on one of my pages.
So without further ado,
let me just get into this
and get started.
So again who am I?
My name is Billy Carson.
I'm the founder of
4bidden Knowledge.
And if you don't
know what that is,
it's an account that I
started approximately in 2010,
and really went more public
with it at the end of 2011,
and then really started
working it hard in 2012.
Forbidden knowledge is knowledge
that's not impossible knowledge
to acquire.
It's just knowledge that
is very hard to source.
And I just came up with the
idea, based on a lot of things
that I had known and
researched and read,
that I had the capability
of helping to paint a better
picture for people.
And so I wanted to
create something
that I can put together, give
people places and sources
to start to do their research
and acquire information or put
together information
for them to research
and look at that they probably
didn't know existed, even
though most of it is
in the public domain
or in areas that are
very hard to find.
Some is from people that may
be whistleblowers and so forth.
But the information generally
is available in most cases.
Again, this is a slide that
overlapped a little bit.
The Emerald Tablets really tie
into the Hermetic Principles.
Why?
Because Hermes is Thoth.
Thoth from ancient
Egypt is Hermes.
Thoth has many names
over the millennia.
He's been called Thoth.
He's ruled over Egypt
for 14,000 years.
He's also been called, of
course, Hermes by the Greeks.
He's been Mercury.
As a matter of fact,
Mercury is his planet.
He actually runs and
controls the planet Mercury.
That's his planet.
And maybe the reason
why is because he also
has the power over liquid
mercury, the ferrofluid.
They found a lot of that
underneath the pyramid complex
in Ditujukan, Mexico.
He's also, to the
Mesoamericans, Quetzalcoatl.
He's Kukulkan.
He's Viracocha.
He's Lord Pakal.
He's many, many names.
As a matter of fact, if
you go to Washington, DC,
there was somebody
who was asking
me earlier today, do you
think that governments
know about this stuff?
They know more about it than us.
They research this
stuff intensively.
They spend billions of dollars
on researching this stuff.
And they try to
reverse-engineer anything
they read in the ancient texts.
That's what they've been doing.
Hitler did it.
And of course, through
Project Paperclip,
we brought over all
the German scientists.
There were several hundred
of them, not just a couple.
And through them,
they've been researching
this content for decades,
maybe even longer than that.
But if you go to Washington,
DC and go to the Congressional
Library, right on the door,
etched into two gigantic steel
doors, what do you have
etched into the doors?
Thoth and Odin.
Odin is also Thoth.
It's another name for Thoth.
So on this of the
door, you have Thoth.
On this side of the
door, you have Odin--
both the same person--
at the Congressional Library,
the doors to the Congressional
Library, in Washington, DC.
As of course, no matter
where you go on this planet,
any major country
is always going
to have brick masonry that
emphasizes Egyptian motif.
Why is that?
Because they hide a
lot of the mysteries
and the calculations
in the brick masonry.
In other words, the
design of the buildings
are set in a certain way
to convey hidden messages
and information that's passed
on from generation to generation
of brick masons, as well
as harness different types
of energies and powers.
And this is why you
go to Washington, DC,
you see Egyptian motif.
You go to the Vatican,
You go to the
kingdoms of England,
you see Egyptian motif.
It's everywhere
because the people
who run those organizations
are in the direct bloodline
of descendants of a lot of
these ancient Atlantean people
that were on this planet a
very, very long time ago.
So the Emerald Tablets were
written about 36,000 years ago
by Thoth himself.
And this is very
key because we're
talking about the
principles that he laid down
in these tablets.
This is some of the oldest
writing on the planet
that we know of that's a
complete writing that we
can actually go through,
analyze, study, and break down.
And this is why
it's so important.
I was doing an interview
earlier today with a radio show.
And she was asking me, well,
this Thoth, is he around?
Do you think he's
going to come back?
Is he still here?
I said, he's here right now.
He's manifesting in
all of us as fractals.
He's a fractal.
Everything in the
third dimension
operates over
fractal technology,
like I talked about in
my speech yesterday.
We live in a fractal
holographic universe.
Fractals are not just
material objects.
Fractals can be
economic systems.
When we look at
economic systems,
we see how they fractalize.
When we look at thought
and consciousness,
we see how it fractalizes.
And when we're talking about
being a fractal of Thoth,
a fractal of Thoth's
consciousness
and all his teachings have now
entered into me, and because
of me, have entered into
now thousands of people.
I mean, when you study and learn
it, it enters into more people.
And it just keeps on going.
It's a progression
through consciousness.
And in that way,
and in that means,
people have the capability
of living forever
through transmitting thoughts
through consciousness
that then gets handed down
from person to person.
It's almost like a
verbal type of a history.
And I believe that
he really knew
that this was a day and age that
the mysteries of these Emerald
Tablets would be
revealed to mankind
at this particular time.
In other words,
this information has
been so ambiguous and so hard
to decipher and understand.
The esoteric message has
been so hard to figure out
for so many eons.
And all of a sudden, now
it's all coming to light.
Why are we just now beginning
to understand this information?
Why are we beginning
now, just now,
to really be able to break
it down and digest it?
Because the time is right.
Our consciousness has
reached a specific level.
And he knew that
this information
would arrive here
and be open to us
to receive at this
particular point in time.
A lot of the things that he
talks about in the Emerald
Tablets are coming to fruition.
A hidden chamber above
the Grand Gallery
inside the Great Pyramid-- well,
36,000 years ago he said it.
Now, guess what?
We found it at the
beginning of 2018.
Through a muon scan, we
found the hidden chamber
above the Grand Gallery
in the Great Pyramid.
The Halls of Amenti
underneath the Great Pyramid,
where he would go down and
use the regeneration chambers,
they found that
last year as well--
hundreds of chambers
about a mile
deep underneath the
Great Pyramid of Giza,
exactly where he said they were.
So as we go into this
text, and we dig into it,
we start to realize,
wow, there are really
a lot of correlations and
lot of information that's
finally being revealed to us.
So let me give a little
bit of credibility
to the Emerald Tablets.
The history of the
Emerald Tablets
is very strong and
well-documented.
The original text was written
in Thoth's Atlantean language.
The version that I will be
referencing in this workshop
was translated by
Dr. Michael Doreal
and can be found on
Crystal Links dot com.
A new translation
has recently been
published from the Arabic
version of the Emerald Tablets.
And it is called
"The Book of Causes,"
written by the famous
Thomas Aquinas.
So some of you may know
that's a very famous cardinal.
A translation by
Sir Isaac Newton
was found among his alchemical
papers, that are currently
housed in King's College
Library at Cambridge University.
So when people say, I don't
know if these things are real
or it ever existed, well, Sir
Isaac Newton has a copy of them
that he translated.
And they're still on display.
You can go to
Cambridge right now
and look at them
with your own eyes.
Philip of Tripoli
also translated
the Emerald Tablets in 1240 AD.
And he also wrote
a famous version
called "The Book of
the Secret of Creation
and the Art of Nature."
And so basically,
Thoth's Emerald Tablets
inspired him to
write those books.
And a famous author
named Roger Bacon
was accepted into Oxford
University at the age of 13.
He also translated and wrote a
version of the Emerald Tablets.
And he was an English
philosopher, Franciscan Friar,
who placed considerable
emphasis on the study of nature
through empirical methods.
In the early modern era,
he was regarded as a wizard
and particularly
famed for the story
of his mechanical
necrochromatic brazen head.
He was building
robots back then.
He's sometimes credited
as one of the earliest
European advocates of the
modern scientific method
and was inspired by Aristotle
and other later scholars,
such as the Arab
scientist al-Haytham.
So we're talking about a very
powerful, very studious man,
who also broke down,
analyzed, and translated
these Emerald Tablets.
And it's very, very
well-documented.
So, taking away the ambiguity
of the tablets, were they real?
Did they ever exist?
And so forth and so on.
As you can see from this
information, hundreds of years
ago, the tablets were
passing from hand to hand,
being translated.
And translations of them
are still available today.
There's even more
people than that.
The Queen of Sheba--
I mean, I could just
keep going on and on.
Very, very famous kings and
queens and very powerful people
have had their hands on
this-- very well-documented.
Right now, where are
the original tablets?
Underneath the Vatican
in that five-mile archive
they have underneath
that Vatican City.
So that's where
the original ones.
But all the other ones that
have been copied and translated
are still available to us.
Now, some people say, OK,
well, how did these Hermetic
Principles even get to
us, and everything else?
You have to understand,
in the Emerald Tablets,
when you read them-- and I wrote
a book called "A Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets."
Some of you here have the book.
In the "Compendium of
the Emerald Tablets,"
I really do a very
good job, I think,
of breaking down all of
the esoteric information
and what looks to be what we
would call religious scriptures
or biblical-type scriptures.
Because all the
modern-day religions,
that's where they got
their information.
They literally copied a
lot of the information
from the emerald tablets
and Sumerian tablets--
even some from the Mahabharata
and the Bhagavad Gita,
believe it or not.
So all of these texts
that predate the Bible
by tens of thousands of years,
basically, they just copied.
They copied small
bits and pieces,
put it into their own
formats, and created
their religious framework.
But the information
is coming from there.
As a matter of fact,
in my book, "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets,"
I break down specifically
where in the New
Testament of the Bible,
where Jesus is speaking.
And I break down where Thoth is
speaking in the Emerald Tablets
36,000 years ago.
Remember, the Bible is
written 100 AD to 900 AD.
This is a current, new book.
This is new information.
Nobody in the Bible wrote
any part of the Bible.
All of the people
that talk, that
supposedly have their
own books in the Bible,
didn't write any of it.
They all were long-gone
and dead many, many years.
And then somebody in the
future, followers of Thoth,
followers of Hermes,
are the people
that actually wrote
the Bible, based off
of information they acquired
from the Sumerian tablets
and the Emerald Tablets.
In the Emerald Tablets,
when Thoth is speaking,
he's saying the same exact
words that Jesus is speaking--
or, Yeshua, actually,
is his real name--
is speaking in
the New Testament.
Which came first, the
chicken or the egg?
There's a book
that I have called
"The Holy Gospel of 12"--
very expensive scriptures
that are very rare.
I think it cost me $659
for the scriptures.
I bought them on Amazon.
If you can find a copy, get
them and hold onto them.
They're worth a lot of money.
>> Say that again?
>> "The Holy Gospel of 12"--
"Holy Gospel of 12," a very
rare scripture-- real scripture.
The reason why it's so
powerful, and the reason
why they're so rare, they've
been out of publication
for a while.
Nobody wants to let you
export them or import them out
of different countries.
They talk about where Jesus
was from the age of 14 to 33,
when he disappeared out
of the modern-day Bible.
Where did he go?
Well, he went to Egypt.
And I've been in his house in
Egypt, where he actually lived.
It's a shrine.
They've got his name etched
into the wall, there.
The bed and everything
is still there.
And evidence of this is also
in the modern-day Bible,
where it says I had to
call my son out of Egypt.
God is supposedly saying--
it was actually really Enki--
saying he's going to call
his son out of Egypt.
But he went to Egypt to
learn the Egyptian mysteries.
He went to mystery
school in Egypt.
Who was the most
fundamental teacher
of the Egyptian mysteries?
Thoth.
Thoth started the
Egyptian mysteries.
Then from there, he
left and went to India
to learn Reiki healing.
And then he left
from there and went
to Tibet to learn the
mystic arts and all the way
back, teaching
reincarnation as he went.
The whole fundamental
basis of the Bible--
even though it's been
chopped and screwed and kind
of dislocated--
the fundamental
basis of the Bible
is all about teaching
reincarnation
and the power of using
your mind and consciousness
to consciously
reincarnate at will.
So that's really, really
what's it's all about.
If you go and look at
the Sinai Bible, which
has 14,800 differences from
the modern-day King James
version of the Bible, you
discover that Jesus was never
even crucified.
If you go into
Harvard Library, you
can find the book of Jesus'
wife, where he actually
got married to Mary Magdalene
and most likely had kids.
And probably, the
Merovingian bloodline
is still on this planet
until this very day.
So the deeper you
start researching--
go into the Aramaic,
and you start seeing
all these mistranslated words.
You start to realize that
the word God in the Bible
is actually "gods," plural, not
"god," singular, because it's
talking about these
Anunnaki people,
these Atlanteans that
were here, masquerading
as gods in different
regions of the planet.
And they were battling
and fighting each other.
If you look in the book of
Deuteronomy in the modern-day
Bible--
which most people can't
give you any information
about the book of Deuteronomy
because it's never
talked about in church.
It's never talked
about in Bible study.
They don't want
you to know what's
in that book of Deuteronomy.
You read the book
of Deuteronomy,
you have a big,
eye-opening experience
because all of a
sudden, you discover
it's not the creator of
the universe talking, here.
The creator of the universe
doesn't have time to sit there
and say it's OK to rape women.
It's OK to kill children.
I want you to go to this
town that you've never
been to that you don't
even know exists,
and I want you to go there, and
I want you to destroy the city,
kill the people,
women, and children,
take the spoils of war,
bring everything back to me.
That doesn't sound like a
creator of the universe to me.
That's somebody else.
And this is where
a lot of things
started getting misplaced.
It was more designed
for control factors.
There were people that
were masquerading as gods.
And these are some of
these Atlantean people
that interacted and engaged
mankind in the distant past,
put together these systems.
They even put together
a political system.
They put together
the financial system.
All this inflation in
this capitalistic society
didn't start now,
in modern times.
If you go back into
Sumerian tablets--
there's been over a million
tablets dug up in Iraq.
These tablets are mostly not
about Anunnakis and aliens.
They're receipts and IOUs.
So you go back, you
discover they started
this system of money,
where if you had 10 sheep,
and I had a vineyard of
apples, I would come to you.
And then I would trade you
some apples for the sheep.
But if I didn't have time
to harvest the apples,
or I was sold out of
my apples already--
I had already bartered
them with somebody else--
I can come to you.
And you would give me
an IOU in cuneiform text
on a little, tiny tablet.
There's millions of them.
And then what would happen is I
can come back at a later time.
And then I can get these apples.
But when you come to get
the apples, all of a sudden,
I still don't have all
the apples available.
Now, the value of the
little tablet has gone up.
This is inflation, now.
This starts from a long,
long time ago, folks.
All of this bicameral Congress--
all that was put into
place a very long time
ago by these Anunnaki people.
These people were very advanced.
And when a lesser
advanced society
meets a highly advanced
society, we look upon them
as they were gods.
Right now, if a
alien ship landed,
there are still going to be
people on this planet right now
today that are going
to worship these people
and believing that that's
the Savior coming back.
That's just the way
we've been programmed.
We've been programmed so long
like this, this is what we do.
We don't realize that there's
other people out there.
And Earth is fairly new.
We're the new kids on the block.
We have cousins out there
that have been around
for millions of years.
These Anunnaki people arrived on
this planet 450,000 years ago,
according to the Enuma Elish and
the Seven Tablets of Creation.
And you have to
realize that they
could be from
region to space that
could have been in existence
and had developed 2, 3,
4 billion years ahead of us.
So once you chop up the
13.5 billion-year history
of the universe,
and you put it out
in epochs, four or
five epochs, you
realize that we're kind of
on the end-side of the epoch.
And there have
been other epochs.
In other words, other
sectors of space
were developing planets and so
forth with people and humanoids
living on them and expanding and
developing trillions of years--
I'm sorry, billions of
years before it got to us.
So we are the new
kids on the block.
And these people realized that.
And they took advantage of it.
Now, there are some,
like Thoth, who realized
what was being done was wrong.
He really, truly felt like, OK,
I'm here to teach these people.
I'm here to raise them to a
higher level of consciousness
and higher level
of civilization.
His dad Enki was the good guy.
His brother Enlil
was the bad guy.
But his dad Enki wanted him
to go on the same mission.
His dad Enki loved humans.
He actually even
married a human wife
and felt like we
deserved better.
And matter of fact, when
Enki was genetically
modifying the existing
hominid on this planet,
he put a little extra in there.
And this is what enraged
his brother Enlil.
Enlil is also known as
Satan, the Lord of Eden.
So that may sound a
little familiar to you.
The ancient civilizations
called him Satan.
So Enlil is the
bad one, or the one
that we know as
Satan or the devil.
And Enki actually
is the good one.
But what happened was
Enlil, because he wanted
the humans to stop praising Enki
so much and being his friend,
especially after he
married a human wife,
he then said his brother
was the evil one.
You're only to worship me.
I'm the only god.
There is no other god but me--
which actually made its way
into the modern-day Bible,
that statement as well.
Even the Lord's Prayer
was written by Enki.
It's called the pater noster.
You know, "Our Father,
who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come, thy
will be done on Earth,
as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread.
As you forgive our debts,
we forgive our debtors,"
and so forth.
That came from the pater
noster, written by Enki,
from the land of Khem, long
before Egypt even existed.
Again, that made its
way into the modern--
so all this stuff that's
in the modern-day Bible
and these teachings came
from these ancient texts.
So that's how powerful
these texts are.
So I just wanted
to give you that.
The Anunnaki engaged
mankind in the distant past.
The reason for a lot of
the religious systems
and everything we have
today are because of them.
And fortunately
for us, Thoth left
behind some valuable
information.
He also built the Great Pyramid.
And when you read the Emerald
Tablets, the very first part
of the tablets, he's talking
about in the first verse,
"I builded the Great Pyramid."
Now, this is important
because we're
talking about now the
person who's saying,
I'm the architect.
When he says this statement,
it's very powerful because it's
not just "I built a pyramid."
He's saying, I'm the architect.
That's really what he's saying.
He "builded the Great
Pyramid, patterned
after the pyramids
of Earth's force,
burning eternally
so that it, too,
might remain through the ages."
So he built something
that was going to be here
for a very long time.
As you can see, it has been.
And when you look at the
history of the Great Pyramid,
you start to realize that
it's far older than what
they're saying.
The Great Pyramid is not 5,000,
6,000, 10,000, 20,000, 30,000.
The Great Pyramid is extremely,
extremely old, probably
even more than 40,000
or 50,000 years old.
Thoth ruled over Egypt
for 14,000 years himself.
And that goes back
around 58,000 years ago.
And that's documented in
the Egyptian hieroglyphs.
So we're talking about some
very, very old technology,
very, very, very
old architecture.
And he took this
architecture and spread it
around the planet.
And what's very interesting is
to correlate the power of how
true these tablets are to
tying into modern-day geology
and saying, look, it's
all coming together,
starting to sink.
I have a little video that
we're going to play next
because I think it's very
important to understand that we
build the credibility
of the Emerald Tablets,
so that you understand these
Hermetic Principles are
something that were put in place
tens of thousands of years ago,
so we can be able to
access them from now.
Now, this is John Henry.
Unfortunately, he
passed away recently.
I wish I could have had a
chance to meet him face to face.
I never got a chance.
I met his partner,
Robert Schoch.
But he did something
that's very incredible.
I'm going to play
this in a second.
As I was researching
the Emerald Tablets
and researching the Sphinx and
discovering that Enki had told
Thoth to build the
Sphinx and point it
towards the lion, which is
the constellation of Leo,
and put his face on it.
So the face on the Sphinx
was not originally a lion.
In my personal opinion,
it was Thoth's face.
It was bigger.
What happened was later on,
his jealous brother, Marduk,
also known as Amun Ra,
recarved the Sphinx face,
took Thoth's face-- they
were fighting all the time.
And Thoth left and
went to Mesoamerica
to start another civilization.
But he recarved the
head to his son's head.
So the face that's
on the Sphinx now
is actually the son of Amun Ra.
And that's why it's
been recarved and shrunk
down smaller.
I don't believe it originally
was an actual real lion.
It always had the
face of a man on it,
according to the
Sumerian tablets.
So it gives you an idea.
But one of the things I
realized when I was researching
was that I came to a
conclusion that the Sphinx was
around the same age as
the Emerald Tablets,
just because of the
precession of the equinoxes.
And when you go back through
the precession-- in other words,
the movement of the
stars across the sky--
and you go back to
the first Ice Age,
you realize not a good time to
build this megalithic structure
during the Ice Age.
So then you go, OK, if
that was in alignment
with the Sphinx at
that time, how can we
go back again to another era?
So you go back
another 13,000 years.
And you realize not a good
time again because of a lot
of catastrophes that were
happening geologically
on the planet--
well-proven.
So when you go two
precessional periods back,
you end up at 36,000 years.
And I found this video,
in which Robert Schoch was
coming to the same conclusion.
I mean, not Robert Schoch--
Henry was coming to
the same conclusion.
Let me see if I can
get this to play, here.
Hold on.
All right, so I'm just
going to continue on
because we can't do that.
But anyway, what he's
talking about here,
is he's talking about the
fact that the pyramids--
the Sphinx, I'm sorry-- was
about to precessional periods
back from what it
originally was thought.
And if you align the Sphinx
with the constellation of Leo
and you go back two precessional
periods, all of a sudden,
where do you end up?
You end up directly
at 36,000 years ago.
So this was a big,
eye-opening moment for me.
You got it?
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> You know, and this is--
>> Oh, perfect.
OK, great.
There we go.
Excellent.
Thank you.
[END PLAYBACK]
I'm going to reset it.
Let's go.
It's only three minutes.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> There is, at
least in principle,
a method of trying to
settle this dating question.
But my own view is that
it's this older date,
partly because the
Egyptians themselves
say that's when their
civilization began, and then
partly because of, I think,
the very plausible suggestion
that the Sphinx is meant as
a marker of the age of Leo.
And now, this is another
hotbed of controversy.
But there's a lot of reason
to think that the ancients--
very, very ancients-- knew about
the precession of the equinoxes
and the shifts of ages.
You know how that goes.
We're now at the end
of the age of Pisces
and coming into the
Age of Aquarius.
And there's plenty
of good reason
to think that this
knowledge of precession
goes back into deep,
deep antiquity.
So the Sphinx is actually
intended as a Leo marker.
It only gives you
a couple of choices
because the last age of Leo
is around 10,000, 10,500 BC.
This is the date chosen
by Bauval and Hancock
for dating the Sphinx because
everything else aligns.
And then if you add to that the
probability that the Sphinx is
looking at its own
image in the sky
when it rises against
the sun at the equinox,
you've again got
this 10,500 date.
The problem with that date,
as far as I'm concerned,
is that in
paleoclimatology, you know--
and nobody disagrees with this--
that the whole Earth is
in chaos at that time,
following the breakup
of the Ice Age,
which happens around
12,000 BC for reasons
no one is quite sure.
Schoch's written
a very good book,
called "Voices of the Rocks."
It's a kind of a
state-of-the-art statement
on catastrophe theory.
So everybody knows that
this catastrophe took place.
No one's sure why.
That's when all the
woolly mammoths died
and the woolly rhinoceroses.
You know, all the
mass extinctions
that are called the
Quaternary extinctions--
all this took place.
So in my way of
thinking, building
all of this incredible
stuff requires
a long-settled and
stable civilization.
You don't just build
things like this
in the midst of a worldwide,
global, chaotic situation,
where there are earthquakes all
over the place and huge floods.
And everything's unstuck.
But nevertheless,
the star alignments
work for that 10,500 date.
But because of these
various mitigating factors,
I don't like that date.
And the only other
choice is to push
it back another full
precessional cycle, which
is effectively 26,000 years.
That gives you 36,000
BC, which corresponds
to the Egyptian
texts themselves.
So even though it
looks outrageous,
particularly to an academic,
to me, it's the more plausible
of the possible scenarios.
And it just remains to be seen
if we're able to actually date
this thing.
The dating will probably
remain conjecture,
until or unless we're able to
put a date to it or other fine
somehow or another, if we get
permission to come back here
with seismographs and
radar and stuff like that
and are again able to find
other artifacts underground.
And we're able to date
those by stratification
or by finding something that
maybe can be carbon-dated.
Who knows?
There are a lot of
various possibilities.
There are a lot of possibilities
for getting to a date,
a lot of it really
depending upon at least
a few within the academic
establishment saying yeah,
this stuff really has
to be looked into.
They're never going to
say, yeah, we were wrong,
and you were right.
But all I need is
enough of a concession
that says this is interesting.
Let's put some time and effort
into trying to get behind it.
We'll see what happens.
>> The Age of Leo marks the
beginning point of the vast
celestial cycles known as the
precession of the equinoxes.
The Sphinx, as
the marker of Leo,
demonstrates a knowledge of
complex celestial mechanics
and the observation of phenomena
spanning tens of thousands
of years.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> So like I said, I like to
add other sources, sometimes,
in my presentations from
people that are also reputable.
That way, it's not
just me up here,
giving you what some people
may think is just my guesswork.
Sphinxes have been found
all over the world--
Greece, Egypt, India,
Assyria, China.
I mean, no matter where
you go, there are sphinxes
all over this planet.
And there's one that's famous
in Romania called the Bucegi
Mountains Sphinx.
I've done a 2 and
1/2 hour documentary.
I'm in a 2 and 1/2 hour
documentary about the Bucegi
Mountains and the sphinx
that's located there
and some hidden chambers there.
So if you ever get a
chance to go on YouTube,
look up the Bucegi Mountain
documentary that we did.
It's myself and several others.
There's a lot of amazing
things going on there.
We used a Prometheus
head because they kind of
copied the Bucegi
Sphinx for that movie.
But there's an amazing chamber
inside the Bucegi Mountains
that only a specific
genetic makeup of person
can walk through
the force field.
And this has been
well-documented.
So again, this is
more information
that's publicly available,
but really suppressed.
But the information's out there.
So if you ever have a chance to
check out the Bucegi Mountains
Sphinx and the Bucegi Mountains
documentary, look it up.
It's free on YouTube.
When you look around the world
along the 33rd-degree parallel,
you find that these ancient
Atlantean Anunnaki beings
had built megalithic
structures along the line
of this parallel.
And one of the biggest
things you notice
are the pyramids in Mexico,
Egypt, and also in Cambodia--
three of all the places I've
been, actually, in 2018.
Well, Egypt, I was there
the last time in 2014.
In 2018, I was in Mexico
and also in Cambodia.
So I've witnessed these
places, all three of them,
with my own eyes.
Their construction
technique is similar
and shows that it's the
same exact architect.
Atlantis was not
a ringed city that
was just sitting in the
middle of the Atlantic Ocean
and in one day sunk
or disappeared.
Atlantis was a global
civilization-- global.
And in the opening verses
of the Emerald Tablets,
Thoth is told by his
dad to go and take
his crew into the great ship
and go out to the land of Khem
and basically help raise them to
a higher level of civilization.
And what he does, he gets
into this ship with his crew.
And they rise up into
the morning sun--
they don't sail out.
They rise up "until
the Earth disappears"--
these are the exact words.
And then they travel
to the place appointed.
And then they begin to descend.
After they notice they've
found one of the great temples,
they begin to descend
on the land of Khem.
So they're coming
down from the sky,
descending back to the Earth.
And as he's coming down,
he sees beneath him
the hairy barbarians--
people that
came out of caves that had
survived the last great flood.
Because in the opening
of the Emerald Tablets,
36,000 years ago, there
was a great flood.
And the waters had
just started to recede.
This is why they had to go back
and re-kickstart civilization
all over again.
These people had been here
for a very, very long time.
And one of the
things that happens
is as soon as he lands the
ship, he opens the door.
The barbarians come to attack
with cudgels and spears.
Thoth raises his staff and
sends out a ray of vibration
and stops them still as
the stone of the mountain.
So he basically has a way to
use a stun gun 36,000 years ago
to freeze these
people from attacking.
Then he releases them
and begins to show him
his magic science, which
means advanced technology.
And they started
groveling at his feet.
Why?
Because right away, they
thought he was a god.
But then what did Thoth do?
He didn't masquerade.
He said, you know what?
Stand up.
Get up.
We're sons of Atlantis.
And we're here to teach you
and bring you to a higher
level of civilization.
So again, you see the
mindset of this being is
not to dominate and control.
It's a mindset of
service to others.
And this is why he
became so powerful.
The reason why he became one
of the most powerful beings--
that we know of right
now as human beings,
that we know of, that
we can read and study--
in the universe is because
of his service to others.
It gave him the ability to
transcend multiple dimensions
of consciousness.
He had ascended to
such a high level
that he was able to
travel to other planets
with his mind and witness
civilizations rise and fall,
according to him.
That takes a very long time.
He also had the capability of
transferring his consciousness
into other bodies.
So he would get avatar bodies--
humanoid-- transfer his
consciousness into them,
and then walk amongst
men and teaching men,
while the other body would
go into the regeneration
chamber underneath
the Halls of Amenti
underneath the Great
Pyramid and sit there
for 100 years at a time.
And he did this 100 times 100.
That's 100,000 years
that we're talking
about transferring consciousness
back and forth between bodies
and walking amongst men.
So this just gives you
an idea of the power
that these people have.
And if it sounds crazy,
we're currently doing it now.
This is what I talked
about yesterday
in the holographic universe
lecture that I did--
the fact that we,
right now, have already
transferred the consciousness
of an animal, of a monkey,
into a computer.
This is something
that we're doing.
We also have the avatar
project through DARPA,
where we transferred the
consciousness of a soldier
to a field robot, just
like in the movie "Avatar,"
so that the soldier can now
operate a field robot in war,
in war games, without
worrying about getting
killed or injured.
And now the 2045
project out of Russia,
they're now working on
transferring consciousness
of a human being into robots.
But that was already
done by 2010.
But now, they're
working on sending it
into a biological organism.
So they're basically using
stem cells to clone new bodies
and transfer the
consciousness of a person
into those new bodies.
So this is something
available for the super-elites
with a lot of money.
So people like Rothschild
and Rockefeller
and those kind of people,
when they pass on,
don't be surprised if
they really aren't dead.
They could be in another body.
And that's not even
science-fiction anymore.
Notice the triptych design
that has been passed on
and a lot of the features
and functionality that
have been passed on
from these pyramids.
You see this triptych design,
these three-window designs
or these three-opening
designs at the top
of these three different
pyramids that I've been to.
And when you look at
Catholic churches,
you'll notice that they've
also assumed and copied
this same triptych design--
the three-window design, the
stained-glass three-window
design.
When you pass by a big
church, a big Catholic church,
take a look at it.
You see the same exact design.
They've copied the
same exact setup
as these pyramidal
triptych designs
at the top of the pyramids.
And you notice that we
have these god-self icons.
This is just three of them.
But they've been discovered
all over the world.
On every major continent,
these god-self icons
have been discovered.
And they're all the same,
with just a slightly different
look or feel to them.
But they're all
basically the same.
So these people, like I
said, they were global.
But not only were they
global, you have to realize,
they were also interplanetary.
If you look at some of the
original photos of the moon,
you start to see
pyramids on the moon.
There's a sphinx on
the moon as well.
You look at the images coming
down from the Mars Rover,
Opportunity Rover, Spirit
Rover that went to Mars,
and also the Mars
Global Surveyor.
Because one of the things
I've done over the last five
years, myself and
14 others, we've
analyzed over one million
images from the space agencies.
And we've documented
58,000 anomalies.
When you look at the Mars data,
you start to see pyramids.
You start to see sphinxes--
all the same thing.
These people went everywhere
in this entire solar system.
And they're very
powerful people.
Pyramids exist all
over the world.
They all had different
purposes and functions,
like I talked about yesterday.
Some were power plants.
Some were portals.
Some were laboratories.
Some were clinics or hospitals.
They all had various
different purposes
and various different
types of technologies.
They are multi-functional
stone computers
that are capable of
doing a lot of things.
And one of the things
they all have in common
is they're built off of a
fractal type of a makeup
or fractal technology,
which we talked
about yesterday, which is
self-similar patterns that
occur.
They reoccur in
nature consistently.
But also, mankind has
then taken and adopted
that same fractal
technology and utilized it
for construction techniques
and also, more recently,
in video games.
So there's a video game that
we talked about yesterday
called "No Man's Sky."
"No Man's Sky" has 80
quadrillion planets in it--
80 quadrillion.
And every planet is inhabited
with lifeforms-- billions
of life forms.
And this game fits on one disk.
And you put it in
a game console.
And it never ends.
The game never ends.
The reason why the
game can do all of that
is because it's built off the
Mandelbrot fractal set, which
is a very simple
mathematical equation that
allows every frame to
occur when you need it.
So just like in the
third dimension right
now, we're sitting here.
And everything that's outside
of this room that you can't see
doesn't even exist
as a solid object.
That's science fact.
That's quantum physics.
It doesn't exist until a
conscious observer analyzes
the electromagnetic waves and
collapses it into something
we call matter.
And this is the
power of the mind.
But you take that
same exact concept,
and you can put it into the
Mandelbrot set of fractals.
And you can create worlds,
planets, universes, even, which
we already currently have done.
This is the grid, the planetary
grid, on Earth, right here.
Not only does it represent
a fractal pattern,
but also, every single
one of those points
is a node-- electromagnetic,
geomagnetic node--
on the planet.
And if you go to
every single one
of these points on
this image, you'll
find a megalithic structure,
either on the Earth
or submerged in the water.
Or you'll find a very, very
strong magnetic field there.
And this is what
the ancients knew.
And they mapped
our planet out long
before we even had any
technology to even figure out
how to get from point A to
point B. As a matter of fact,
the Great Pyramid itself is an
archetype of the planet Earth.
The Great Pyramid's
height is the exact height
of all of the landmass, the
average height of the landmass,
on the entire planet.
Think about that for a second.
In order for you
to build something
say this is going to be the
average height of the landmass
on the planet, you have
to scan the entire planet.
But you can't scan the
planet with regular satellite
that goes around the equator.
You have to have
a polar orbiter.
So you have to have
a satellite that
orbits the planet in
this fashion and scans.
And each scan has to be
taken and stitched together.
But the scan has to have
ground-penetrating radar.
And it has to be
able to make very
sophisticated calculations.
Well, we are just learning
to do it ourselves, now.
If you go to USGS dot
gov, you can pull up
radar scans like that.
We just started doing
north pole orbits--
in other words, an orbiter
that actually can orbit
the planet in this method--
in the '80s.
So now you're talking
about advanced technology
in ancient times to be
able to scan a planet,
use ground-penetrating
radar, come up
with the height of the
landmass around the planet,
get its average, and then build
a pyramid to that exact height.
Also, the Great Pyramid is
located at the direct center
of the landmass on the planet.
This is incredible.
Not the center of the Earth,
the center of landmass.
Again, this requires
a global scan
of all the land
and all the mass.
And then you have to
figure out which point is
the exact nodal point
to put this directly
in the center of this landmass.
And that's just one
of many, many things.
The Grand Gallery of the
Great Pyramid latitude
is the same number of
digits as the speed of light
in meters per second.
I mean, there's just
so many correlations.
And when you look down on
Giza at the Giza Plateau--
and I have a very good
video about this--
you realize that it's a
map of the inner planets
of our solar system.
And it matches the NASA
star map perfectly.
So these are very
advanced people.
So now that we've built up
the credibility of the quality
and the history of these
people and how they interacted
and engaged mankind and the
quality of their technology
and their mind, let's
talk a little bit
about their Hermetica.
Thoth himself is
the one that started
this Hermetica and
these teachings,
these hermetic teachings--
Hermes, meaning Thoth.
Hermes Trismegistus is
another one of his names.
So he basically laid
out a guide for mankind
that he knew at the time
wouldn't be able to take hold
for the majority of the people.
Only a very small
few, handpicked people
had access to this information.
But it was a time capsule
waiting for people
to arrive around the time of
the era that we're in right now.
"Hermes Trismegistus, master
of all arts and sciences,
perfect in all crafts,
Ruler of the Three Worlds,
Scribe of the Gods, and
Keeper of the Book of Life.
Thoth Hermes Trismegistus,
the Three Times the Greatest."
Basically, that's what
"trismegistus" means--
"three times the greatest."
People used to think it
meant "three times born,"
but it doesn't.
"He was the first
intelligencer"--
In other words, he's an
educator, a teacher--
service to others--
"and was regarded by the ancient
Egyptians as the embodiment
of the universal mind.
While in all probability
there actually
existed a great sage and
educator by the name of Hermes,
it is impossible to
extricate the historical man
from the mass of
legendary accounts
which attempt to identify
him with the cosmic principle
of thought."
The word "thought"
came from Thoth.
Also, the land of Khem is where
you get the words chemistry
and alchemy, which is where
he first landed in the Emerald
Tablets and helped
raise them back
to a higher level
of civilization,
long before it was called Egypt.
So we're going to talk a
little bit about creation.
Some of this, some of you
may have seen yesterday.
But this is going to lead
us into where we're going
with the Hermetic Principles.
"In the beginning, Nous--"
who is also known as God--
"created a second Nous,
who becomes a craftsman
and creates the world.
Nous II creates seven
powers and the seven spheres
around what will
become the Earth.
The spheres have no control
over what will be the Earth."
So we're talking about
archetypes, here.
And we're talking about
creating a seed of life,
using Earth and
planets as archetypes.
"They control what
we know as destiny.
The seven spheres are the moon,
sun, Mercury, Venus, Mars,
Jupiter, and Saturn.
Here is the beginning
of astrology.
Nous II sets the
spheres in motion.
And life begins on earth."
So what we're talking
about here is the creation
of the seed of life,
six circles that overlap
each other with one circle.
And now you have seven spheres.
Ironically, every human being
that's born, this cell pattern
forms and stays in the base
of your spine until you die.
It's there for your entire life.
This is the seed of life.
This pattern can be found
in all ancient texts,
all ancient architecture, no
matter how far back you go.
In fact, the
further back you go,
you realize they knew more
about it than we know right now.
We're just starting
to rediscover
what it's really all about.
This is a cross-cut
section of DNA.
So now, we're down to
the microscopic levels.
Under an electron
microscope, you
can see that a
cross-section of the DNA
also resembles the seed
of life, flower of life.
It's all down there are the
lowest, smallest levels.
So what we're saying is this
is really a true as above,
so below, which we're
going to get into.
And these people knew about
this in the ancient times.
Here it goes again, as you
see, starting with one sphere,
and then multiplying
it down until you
get to the actual flower
of life at the bottom.
And you can see how cells
can divide through mitosis
and then create a
living organism.
This is just one example of the
power of the flower of life.
The flower of life is where all
of the energies emanate from.
All of the energies that fill
up this entire third dimension
in our universe, all
of the dark matter,
dark energy-- all these things
are emanating directly out
of this flower of life pattern.
The flower of life
pattern is one
of the most powerful patterns
in the universe because why?
You're literally looking
at the face of God.
This is what we talked
about yesterday.
God is not a man.
In my personal opinion, there
is no man that's called god.
You hear people
saying, he can do this.
And he's going to
do that for me.
He's going to do this for me.
He's going to do that for me.
I think that they're
referencing the wrong things.
And they're probably
just regurgitating
something that they
heard from relatives,
and so forth, and their
grandmother, whoever.
God is a divine frequency.
God is energy.
"In the beginning was the
Word, and the Word was God."
So we're talking about
frequencies and vibration.
We're talking about cymatics.
We're not talking about a
sky daddy with a magic wand.
It goes way deeper than that.
And I can guarantee
you one thing.
There is no book out there
in modern-day religion
that has any reference to the
true creator of the universe.
They're all referencing people--
people like me and you--
that put on their pants
one leg at a time,
that masqueraded
as gods because they
were a little bit more
advanced than us.
Here goes the flower
of life atomically
burned into the
Osirian temple pillar
that I've witnessed myself,
when I went there in 2014.
This Osirian temple is about
60,000, 70,000 years old.
It's partially buried.
And right behind it is
the Temple of Abydos.
In the temple of Abydos,
you look up about 30 meters
above the ground.
If you look on some
of my pages, you'll
see the videos that I took--
helicopters, tanks,
airplanes in the hieroglyphs.
These are evidences of
advanced technology.
Everywhere you go
throughout Egypt,
if you look at the
hieroglyphs closely,
you start to see pieces
of advanced technology
all over the place.
Well, they knew about this
flower of life and the power
that it was and that it
was the creation energy
source from hundreds of
thousands of years ago.
And this is another
evidence of it, here.
"In the creation myth,
we were introduced
to astrology and the
influence of planets upon man,
and from which man is
expected to rise above.
We have dualism-- a god
of the heavens and the one
who created earth.
We see an idea of man
as a son or part of god.
We have man being given
the power of creation.
You create your own reality.
This is the idea that man has
a dual nature, one in heaven--
which is non-material,
the soul or the spirit--
and one physical in the world
of matter, which is the body,
and the fall-- leaving from
heaven to be with nature."
These quote unquote
"fallen angels" that
have been modified in some of
the modern-day religious texts
weren't fallen angels the
way that it's been described
and taught all these years.
It's the fall of the
divine consciousness that
decided to finally divide itself
into trillions and trillions
of entities and come
experience itself subjectively
from different perspectives
as different people
on different planets.
So all of us, really,
are all one entity.
There is no separation.
Separation is an illusion.
There is no you
sitting out there,
and I'm standing up here.
We're all energetically the
same exact consciousness.
The only difference is
there's a different frequency
operating in me and a different
frequency of consciousness
operating in you.
And then that gives us the
illusion of separation.
But there is no
separation because if you
were to take all the matter
in this entire universe
and backdate it all the
way back to day number one,
you'll find out that we're
all in one gigantic ball,
probably smaller than this
room, energetically connected.
And then as it expanded out--
as the energy expanded out,
opening up this
spherical universe,
you'll realize that we're all
still energetically connected.
And the proof of this is
through quantum physics.
In quantum physics,
you have something
called quantum entanglement.
Quantum entanglement, if you
want to do it in a laboratory,
let's just go there first.
You take a laser, and
you take two particles.
You do something called
parabolic down-conversion,
where you phase-shift
the frequency of both
of those particles to
the same frequency.
Now they're entangled.
Once those two
particles are entangled,
if you had the capability
to take one particle
and send it to the other
end of the universe
and have one particle here
with you, if you change
the information in the particle
that's still there with you,
the one on the other
end of the universe
responds instantaneously,
bypassing the speed of light.
How is that possible?
The reason why is
because distance
is an illusion as well.
There is no distance.
When you start to realize that
through quantum entanglement,
everything is energetically
connected on a grid.
We're all sitting
on this grid matrix.
And on this grid matrix, all
of the energy that we think
is solid matter is
really waves of energy.
And everything is
connected directly,
like a gigantic internet.
And we're all
connected right now.
And when people
understand that, they'll
start to see the world
a lot differently.
That's where we need to get to.
We have to have other
people understand
that I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking to myself.
And when you're
talking to somebody,
you're talking to yourself.
Why?
Because there's only
one consciousness.
Separation, like I said
before, is an illusion.
And when you understand
that, then you
treat people differently.
You talk to people
differently when
you realize that
they're really you.
So let's go into the
universe runs on natural law.
So we're going to cover
the Principle of Mentalism,
the Principle of Correspondence,
the Principle of Vibration,
the Principle of Polarity,
the Principle of Rhythm,
the Principle of
Cause and Effect,
and the Principle of Gender.
These are the Seven
Hermetic Principles
that Thoth covers in
the Hermetic Principles.
And I also cover these
in my book, "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets,"
which, by the way, since we're
probably not going to have
enough time to go over
that at the end, if you
don't have the book,
you can go to 4bidden
Knowledge dot com and get it.
That's with the number 4--
4, b, i, d, d, e, n--
4bidden Knowledge with
the number 4 dot com.
And you can get
the book on there.
Where some of these
principles really
stem from in more modern
times, even though it's still
thousands of years ago, would
be the Kybalion, or Kybalion.
"The principles of
the truth are seven.
He who knows these
understandingly
possesses the magic
key, before whose touch
all of the doors of the
temple will fly open."
So we're talking about
ancient wisdom that's
so powerful that the
doors of the temple--
what are the doors
of the temple?
A lot of people
spend a lot of time
and a lot of money going
to these physical buildings
that they call
temples and churches.
But the real temples
are right here.
What this is saying
is when you acquire
this wisdom and this knowledge
and understand it and digest
it and meditate on it and
work it and experience it, all
of a sudden, the temples
of these doors fly open.
This is where the
temple is located.
These are your real
temples, not the buildings
out there in the streets.
So let's go over the
Principle of Mentalism.
"All is mind, and the
universe is mental."
This is kind of
what we were talking
about yesterday in my talk
about the fractal holographic
universe, which we're going to
have to touch on a little bit
because it has a
lot to do with this.
I mean, really and truly, you
do create your own reality.
Now, people have
listened to that.
And they've heard it.
And they go, you know what?
There are things
that I can't control.
Well, there are things
that come in and interact
with your reality tunnel.
And this is what a lot of
people don't understand.
Collectively, we help
to create reality.
And if you really
understand that everything
is an electromagnetic
wave that flows--
and right now, even
in here, in this room,
there are trillions
and trillions
of electromagnetic waves
passing through us right now--
passing through our
reality tunnels.
So if you're working
on something,
and something blindsides you
that you weren't expecting,
it's very easy and
very possible for that
to happen because there are
other entities and other people
out there and different
reality tunnels that
are corresponding or
correlating or crossing over
your tunnel at that moment,
which can interact directly
with everything you're doing
and what you have going on.
So for example, if
you're over here,
and you're going this way and
down this pathway in your life,
and all of a sudden you
meet somebody that becomes
your friend, becomes your
lover, you have a child,
those reality paths, now,
those tunnels have crossed.
Sometimes they merge together
and go on in one direction.
So reality tunnels are a
part of the fractal matrix
that we're living in.
But when we're saying
that all is mental,
you really have to understand
that what you think,
you truly do become.
So if you are thinking
negative all the time,
thinking down all
the time, thinking
things that are
low-frequency things,
you will then begin to
attract those things.
I'm going to show you tonight
how that actually works,
how that law of
attraction works.
It works both on positive and
also works on negative as well.
And you have to understand that.
So it's very important not
only what you're thinking,
but also what you're saying.
Words have the ultimate power
over the ether of space-time.
And this is what Thoth knew.
This is why in the book,
there's words in there
that he has you say.
But these aren't names.
They look like names of
people, but they're not names.
These words are frequencies for
you to utter out of your mouth.
And when you utter
these frequencies,
it helps to alter your
reality tunnel and your path.
That's how powerful it is.
And he understood
that from early on.
I was saying the other day,
you wake up in the morning,
and you want to have a good day.
And you say to yourself, I'm
going to have a good day.
I'm going to have
a good day today.
You're saying it to yourself.
That's great.
If you verbally say, I'm going
to have a good day today.
Everything is going
to fall in place.
My path is going to be guided.
I'm going to reach
my ultimate goals.
And you verbally say that, all
of a sudden, something magical
happens.
You have just now put out
into the universe spoken
word backed by intention.
This is where a lot
of people get lost.
They go, you know, I've
been thinking, I want this.
I want this.
I want this to happen.
I want that to happen.
And it doesn't seem
like it's happening.
But they're not
speaking anything.
They're thinking
only in their mind.
That works a little bit.
But there's more power in speech
because frequency and vibration
create everything in
the third dimension.
Now, it doesn't
matter what language
you're speaking because the
universe speaks every language.
There is no such thing as I
invented something or I thought
of that, I had this great idea.
All information that is taught
or learned or discovered--
really, rediscovered--
is already
out there in space time.
You have literally received
a download of information.
When an idea comes
to you, that's
because you were on
the right frequency
to receive that information.
Your mind was in a right
position consciously
to have the ability to dissect
it, digest it, and then
maybe even regurgitate it, or
then maybe put action behind it
and recreate it, whatever it is.
There is no such thing as
I came up with an idea.
Everything already exists.
There's nothing
new under the sun.
Everything already exists.
So when you understand
these concepts,
and you understand the
power of vocalization,
you'll begin to
talk out loud more.
I'm always whispering
stuff around me.
Even my fiance, she goes,
hey, what did you say?
I'm just talking myself.
You know?
So you've got to speak.
Speak it.
It doesn't matter
how loud or how low.
But once it comes
out, it's out there.
So you've got to realize.
And when you realize how
powerful those words are,
then you begin to realize when
you say something to somebody
how delicate that can be.
Because if you
remember Dr. Masaru
Emoto, who did the
water experiments,
put the water into jars.
And then he wrote words
on pieces of paper
and taped it to the jars.
"I love you."
He put a prayer on one.
"I hate you.
I wish you were dead.
I'll kill you."
The ones that had positive
affirmations on them,
when he took a droplet
out of those jars of water
and put it under
a microscope, they
formed beautiful
crystalline structures.
The ones that he put "I hate
you" and "I want to kill you,"
when he took a droplet
out of those jars
and put them under
a microscope, they
were malformed, dark, and ugly.
Some of them weren't
even crystals at all.
Now, what's the
importance of this?
The human body is 70% water.
So when you're talking about
yourself in a bad way--
"I suck.
I'm dumb.
I'm stupid."
What do you think is
happening to the water
molecules in your body?
They're taking that energy.
And you're just
destroying yourself.
You're altering your DNA.
You're putting a low
frequency out there
that's coming right
back into your own body
and changing the structure,
the atomic structure,
of the molecules in your body.
And when you're talking
to somebody else--
this is why sometimes I get
so irked when I see parents
going crazy on their kids.
Because if the kid is doing
something wrong, of course,
you've got to get
their attention.
But when I see what I
consider to be verbal abuse,
it just irks me because I
understand the negative impact
that it's having on
that kid's physiology.
And those kind of things
don't go away instantly.
When you-- "I'm going to
slap you into next week,"
and "I'm going to beat
you down," and "Get out
of my face," and "You suck,"
and "You're this and that,"
bah, bah, bah.
Those are long-term effects.
Not long-term effects because
of just the memory of the mind
hearing it, long-term effects on
the physiology of the body that
can cause all kinds of
problems in the future--
different types of cancers,
sicknesses, diabetes.
A kid may now be
turned to relying more
on different types of foods that
maybe they wouldn't normally
want to eat.
All different types
of things can happen--
becoming bullies and
all these other--
a lot of that goes into
the physiology of the body.
It's not just mental.
It becomes a physical thing.
The entire body takes
on those effects.
So that's why it's very powerful
to talk positive affirmations
to kids.
A kid is doing something
wrong, of course,
you've got to
straighten them out.
But there's ways to do it.
And if you don't know
the way to do it,
then go get books
and self-help books
and learn the right way to
talk to kids because that's
our future.
And if we keep tearing them
down and destroying them,
we're going to have no future.
We're going to be stuck
in this cycle of trying
to relearn all this
information and try
to get out of this matrix
system that we're in.
And we keep wondering why
we're spinning our wheels.
Because we're
destroying the youth--
the youth are the most
important people coming up.
Does anybody remember
the movie "The Matrix?"
OK, well, Neo, they called
him Neo not because they just
wanted to have the name Neo.
It's the neocortex
in the human brain.
That's why they called him Neo.
"The neocortex is Latin for
"new bark" or "new rind."
Also called the neopallium,
which is "new mantle,"
it is a part of the
brain in mammals.
It is the outer layer of
the cerebral hemispheres
and made up of six layers,
labeled 1 through 6."
So this is the neocortex.
It's all about mind.
See, "The Matrix," the
movie, these people,
they know about all this stuff.
They know how powerful these
things are, these names are,
these terms are.
And they dropped
little seeds on you.
They hide everything
in plain sight.
And one of the big things
about the movie "The Matrix,"
not only did it expose
the fact that we're
living in a real
matrix, but it also
exposed the fact that everything
is mental, everything is mind,
just like Thoth said.
I wouldn't be surprised
if the young lady that
wrote this original story--
it was actually a
young, black lady that
wrote this story, "The Matrix."
And it was later then
stolen by those brothers.
And she won the case in court,
but still hasn't been paid yet,
unfortunately.
But I wouldn't be
surprised if she
was a studier of the
Hermetic Principles
and also studier of Thoth
and the Emerald Tablets.
So we're living in a fractal
holographic universe,
which Thoth talks about
in the Emerald Tablets.
Again, and it's important
to understand this
because we touched
on this yesterday,
but it really, truly
has a lot to do
with everything is mental.
When you understand
that-- and this
is me, standing at the
Field Museum in Chicago.
There was an exhibition
there about fractals.
And on this wall, you're
looking at fractals.
And they're showing how
fractals basically are
recurring in nature everywhere.
They also had computer displays.
They were showing how fractals
create mountains, oceans,
lakes, rivers, trees, your
lungs, and your body--
everything.
Also, one thing that
people don't realize--
fractal patterns can be tracked
into financial systems as well.
So when you look at
financial system economics
and you put them on
a computer graph,
you start to realize that,
without even us knowing it,
we're following a
fractal pattern.
Where did "The
Matrix" come from?
"The Matrix" came from--
they got it from the Bible
and the Torah, really,
is where they got it from.
They didn't get it from-- they
just made up the term "matrix."
The term "matrix" is
not a modern-day word
that just came out of nowhere.
It's an ancient word.
And if you open up the King
James Bible or the Torah,
you're going to find it.
And you'll find these versus,
Exodus 13-12, Exodus 13-15,
Exodus 34-19, Numbers
3-12, Numbers 18-15.
This is where it comes from.
And what does it mean?
In these ancient
texts, it means you
need to be born out of the
womb to receive a higher
level of consciousness.
And what happens in
the movie "The Matrix?"
Neo comes out of the
technological womb.
And he wakes up.
And then he's spit out,
and he's born again.
This is what it means to
come out of the matrix.
And this is what it's
talking about in the Torah
and the modern-day Bible.
So if you want to
look it up, take
a screenshot of that and
blows somebody's mind.
The term "the matrix," the
movie didn't get it from just
off the top of their head.
They got it from
these ancient texts.
"Reality is built
out of thought.
And every one of your thoughts
begin to create reality."
And somebody said
to me the other day,
you know, I know you're
saying everything is mind
and thoughts create reality.
But I really don't have
a real simple example
because it's so ambiguous.
So I gave him an example.
You have a cell phone, here.
We all have them now.
One day, somebody
said to themselves,
boy, it'd be so cool to be able
to communicate from a device
that I can walk around
with in my pocket.
And then that person now
began the process of thought
on an object that can
be used as a tool.
That person then visualized that
object in his mind or her mind.
Then that visualization
turned into paper.
Let me get a paper.
Let me get a pen.
Let me write this down.
Let me draw it out.
This is what it
should look like.
Then from there, OK, I've got
to contact some engineers.
They contact some engineers.
Engineers then take
it, put it into a CAD--
a CAD design, computer-assisted
design in modern times, now.
And then from there, they
get it over to a factory
that then replicates the parts.
And then now, we
have enough parts
to put together a
template-- a real one
that we can start to play with,
touch, feel, say, OK, let's
make this, adjust this.
Let's change this around here.
And then the next
thing you know,
we link up with
other people that
have technological advancements
that they've put out there
through thought, like cell-phone
towers and magnetic microwaves
and so forth and so on.
And you put it all together.
Now, you have a cell
phone that works.
Every single aspect of this cell
phone started inside the mind
and then became a
physical object.
And that goes for
everything that we
have in here that's man-made.
This stage, these
speakers, these screens--
it all started in
your mind first.
And then, it manifested
into reality.
This is why, when
you get information
that comes into your mind, you
have to analyze it and then see
if it's really
something that you
can help in service to the
world or utilize for yourself.
I'll put it out there because
we're getting information
on a consistent basis.
How does this
information get to us?
Well, they found out
that 1 gram of human DNA,
which is enough to put on
the tip of your finger,
can store 700 terabytes
of digital data.
So they took a gram of
DNA, and they connected it
to a computer.
And they uploaded the
Library of Congress
and downloaded the
onto it, like a regular laptop.
Then they said, wow,
this is incredible--
0's and 1's.
DNA reads 0's and 1's?
Then they discovered--
guess what?
It also receives Wi-Fi.
So DNA sends and receives
Wi-Fi information,
digital information-- invisible.
I'm transmitting out to you.
You're transmitting to me.
We're transmitting all
to each other in here,
whether we realize it or not.
And to confirm this, when I was
attending MIT in neuroscience,
one of the things
we had in class
was the fact that
we're all transmitting
sending and receiving
wireless information
to each other every single
second of every single day.
My field probably projects
out at least from up here,
probably maybe even 8
to 10 feet ahead of me.
And all of you are
sitting so close together,
all of your fields
are all interacting
with each other right now,
sending and receiving data
from each other
consistently, nonstop.
So when you're sitting
there, like I said before,
and you're getting information
that you're saying is an idea,
or I'm saying you're getting it
downloaded, how does that work?
Your DNA is receiving
the information.
One human body has enough DNA
to store all the information
from the beginning
of time until now--
beginning of time in this
one universe that we have--
13.5 billion years.
So you have inside of your
body 13.5 billion years
of information right now,
right at this second.
That's how powerful
the human body is.
This is why if
you look into some
of the other things
about alien abductions
and so forth, which I
believe are real and true,
they want to find out how to
merge with our technology.
We're built into a very
sophisticated technology.
And they want to
learn how to use it.
And maybe even find a way--
some of them may not
be people or beings
that have the capability of
transcending this dimension.
But we can.
And they may want to merge
with us for that purpose.
So let's talk about how
the Law of Attraction
works-- general relativity.
"General relativity is a name
given to Einstein's theory
of gravity.
This has to do with the
curvature of space time
and how mass or gravity can
actually warp or bend space.
We as humans have the ability
to bend the matrix to our will,
using nothing more
than our mind.
Imagine that the
matrix is space time,
and our minds are
the gravity wells.
Everywhere that we go
in the third dimension,
we create warped
space in the matrix."
So right now, you
see here the earth.
And you see space
warped around it.
That's space and time
warped around the Earth.
Right now, even
around your bodies,
space is warped
around your bodies.
Any mass warps space.
This is a science fact, OK?
So now, this is how it
works when we're talking
about the Law of Attraction.
Replace the Earth
with your mind, OK?
So in that place, I put
Albert Einstein's head.
So we have Albert
Einstein's head, here.
And then we have below,
the first arrow going down,
which is trying to
quantum entangle
with the Christ Consciousness.
The Christ Consciousness,
some people
call it, or the
universal consciousness,
is what you want to sync with.
And how do you sync
with that consciousness?
Well, like I talked
about yesterday,
when you are praying--
and if you're praying from
a position of begging,
you're probably not
going to get any results.
And if you get
some results, it's
probably just a coincidence.
And you thought something
really happened.
But the majority of the
time, nothing ever happens.
Like I said before--
I was talking about
it yesterday--
there's 7.5 billion
people on this planet.
Of those 7.5 billion
people, 85.9% are religious.
So there's trillions of prayers
going up every single day.
And yet, look at the
state of the world.
Doesn't look too bleak.
It looks good--
looks kind of bleak.
Now, it's getting better
with the Conscious Movement.
But we've still got a
very long way to go.
So you have to realize
that what's going on here
is the position of begging
is a weak position.
It's a low-frequency position.
When you're going,
please, help me.
And I can't do this.
And I need help with that.
And I can't pay my mortgage.
And I can't do this.
And I'm sick.
And help this one, and so forth
and so on, that is begging.
If I took an electrode
cap and put it
on your head, connected
it to a computer that
can read the output of
your mind, your frequency
of your mind, I will
show you in real science
that what you're doing
with that kind of prayer
is generating a very
low-frequency vibration.
And the oscillations are
very wide and far apart
on the screen, which
means they're coming,
they're overlapping very small
parts of your DNA on their way
out.
And they're not going to sync
with anything in the universe.
And they're going to
have no power whatsoever.
For hundreds of years-- maybe
thousands of years-- people
have been praying the wrong
way-- well, some people.
The people in the
east, some of them
have mastered it because they
don't believe in begging.
They believe in commanding.
So when you pray from
a position of power,
when you are commanding and
understanding and believing
that the end has already
happened, that it already
is done, this is
the prayer that you
get in some of
the monks in Tibet
and some of the doctors, the
holistic doctors, in China.
Their prayer says basically, in
their language, "It is done."
So what happens is, they
were doing a healing
on a woman who had
gall bladder cancer.
And she had a ball
inside of her bladder.
And they had it live on TV
with this sonic machine.
And as they're
saying the prayer,
which was [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
which means "It is done,"
you see it just melting
and disappearing.
This was a Gregg
Braden video, which
is still on YouTube right now.
And when he asked him,
why did this work?
He said, because we're
already committed
to understanding that the
woman is already healed.
That's it.
In the West, you guys
are not praying that way.
You're hoping for
things to happen.
And what do we do when
we're saying these prayers?
We're trying to cast spells.
Literally, I mean, that's
what everything is.
I mean, the Bible and all that
stuff is just books of spells.
When you pray, you're
trying to-- that's
why they call it "spelling."
You're trying to cast
spells all the time.
But you're trying to
cast a spell in sync
with something that doesn't
understand what you're saying.
You're trying to interface
with a universe that's digital.
And you can't interface
with that digital interface
because why?
It doesn't read your
programming language.
When you go from a position of
power, your frequency goes up.
So if I were to put that
same cap on your head,
and put the electrodes on you,
and look on a computer screen
and have you say,
"I am powerful.
Divinity runs through me.
I am God, and God is me.
Bless my life.
Bless my path to my destination.
Bless this food.
I bless this food.
I'm going to have
a successful day.
My business is going
to be thriving.
My relationship is
going to be successful."
And then when I look
at the computer screen,
guess what's going to happen?
I'm going to see very small
oscillations, which means
you're on a higher frequency.
And those oscillations, those
vibrations and frequencies
coming out of your
body, your mind,
are touching many more
nodes on your DNA.
Meaning that now, you're
getting ready to get
into quantum entanglement.
So that's what's happening here
with this brain on TV, here.
You see Einstein.
He's syncing with the
universal consciousness.
And then that is now syncing
with the divinity, which
is the flower of
life, which emanates
all life and all things.
Now what happens is you
see the arrow coming back
toward Einstein's head.
Why?
Because there's a gravity
well, now-- a gravity well that
you've created with a high
frequency of consciousness.
And now, everything that
you're talking about
that you want to happen
is now falling toward you.
How do satellites stay in orbit?
They fall towards
the planet Earth.
They fall towards the planet
Earth at a specific speed
to maintain their orbit.
If one thing changes-- one
iota, one little bit here,
one little bit there--
they break orbit.
And then they start to
crash to the planet.
This is what we're
talking about, here.
Everything is orbiting you.
Everything you need
is already out there.
And it's just out of your reach
until you create this gravity
well, which then drops and
sinks and lets everything
fall directly into your life.
And this was something
that I discovered and began
to utilize for myself.
And let me tell you something.
It's totally and
absolutely amazing.
Everything that I want,
everything that I need,
it happens.
It comes to fruition.
There's no doubt in my mind
that it's going to happen.
And I'll give you an example.
I said to myself
three years ago,
I'm going to start
traveling this planet.
I'm going to be going to
every single ancient site
that I can find and I can
dig up on this planet.
I want to be there in person--
touch it, feel it, and smell
it, do my own research,
bring my own cameras,
record my own information.
I want to have one of the
largest social media sites
in the world.
I want people to follow
me and track down
this ancient information.
All these things that
I said started popping
in place, one at a time.
I got to the point where I had
gone through a divorce years
ago.
And I got to a point I'm
ready for a relationship.
I wanted a person that can
come at least consciously
to my level, that can
understand me better,
that I can understand better--
that all the years of things
that I've done to build
myself up to this point,
that I can actually utilize
and learn from my past mistakes
and do it the right
way this time.
And I can find somebody
that would like to travel
with me all over the world.
And I found my fiancee.
We just had to get on a plane.
And we've been together
now for a while.
We've never had an
argument, never had a fight,
never had a disagreement.
All right, so let
me change that.
There's things that
we disagree on.
But we don't argue about them.
We have regular adult
conversations about them,
with no yelling, no attitudes,
no inflection of voice.
We just sit down and talk
like educated people,
like smart people.
And we work things out.
We figure out a
solution to a situation.
Never had one argument yet.
Travel all over the world.
And our first conversation was
about black holes and quantum
mechanics.
So just as I said a
year before I met her,
it worked out that exact way.
And there's a lot more to
that, just even with some
of my businesses and financially
and things like that.
Everything that I command
to come into my life--
but knowledge is commanded
verbally and think about it.
But then, you've got to
put the action behind it.
So now you've
commanded something.
Now, you've got to go
to the action part.
So what's the action part?
I wanted to have a
book that was going
to sell and be very successful
to spread the word about Thoth
the Atlantean.
So the first thing I did
was I spoke that out loud.
And after I spoke it out loud
and thought about and focused
on it for a while, I
began to write the book.
Once I got the book done--
see, that's the action part,
writing the book--
then I had to market it
and put it out there.
So you have to follow up
your conscious thoughts
and your verbal thoughts
with action behind them.
You can't just sit back and go,
OK, give me a million dollars,
and then just sit back
and think, OK, it's
going to show up at my house.
Doesn't really work that way.
You've got to put
action behind it.
If you're in a
business, and you're
trying to advance your
business to a specific level,
then you need to sit down.
And you need to write down your
goals, short-term, medium-term,
and long-term.
And then you need to
vocalize them out loud.
And after you vocalize
them out loud,
then you need to go ahead
and put your plan of action
in behind each one
of those goals.
And you need to put the
energy out there for that.
And once you do
that, then you're
going to see everything
just fall right into place.
And it's an amazing thing.
So the Law of
Attraction is very real,
and it's very, very powerful.
And sometimes, without
you even realizing it,
you can enact these
types of synchronicities
coming into your life.
But you have to be careful
because if you're doing it
in a negative way, if you're
talking negative and thinking
negative, it works
the same way negative.
You can draw negative in.
If you're hanging around
a lot of negative people,
get the heck away from them.
Get the heck away from them.
I have family members
that I don't see anymore.
I love them, but I don't
go hang out with them.
I don't go see them.
I'll call them on the
phone, send them a text,
send them a message--
Facebook Messenger.
Hey, what's-- you know?
OK.
But I'm not going
to go put myself
in a room full of dark energy.
And you shouldn't.
And don't feel bad about it
or sorry about it or whatever.
You have to live your
best life, period.
If you can't focus on and
generate positive and stay
around positive energy, how can
you be of service to others?
Now, it doesn't
mean that you'd ever
going to going around
people that are dark and low
because sometimes your job
is to bring those people up.
But people who are stuck
in a psychological concept
or a matrix type of a mind--
Agent Smith mind.
And they're really stuck there.
And you've worked on it.
And you can't get
them out of it.
Don't put yourself
in that position.
in those rooms
with those people on
a consistent basis
because that dark energy
and that frequency they're
putting out is going to
come inside of your body.
Your DNA is going to
absorb those frequencies.
And it's going to pull you down.
It even will change
your physical chemistry
in your body.
This is scientifically proven.
Going into a room around people
that are at low frequency,
low vibration, dark
energy, and dark mindsets,
will literally change the
physiology in your body.
This is scientific fact.
So you have to learn how to
what I call "bend the matrix."
And this is what I
do every single day.
Every single day, I
wake up in the morning.
I stand up.
I do my stretches.
And I do that exact move.
And I feel like I'm bending
the matrix around my body.
You have to feel that kind
of power inside of yourself.
You have to feel like you
really have these capabilities.
You can't just say,
oh, yeah, sounds great,
and just keep on--
if you really want
to utilize a lot of these
laws, these mentalization laws
of attraction.
And the power that you have
over your own reality tunnel,
you've got to really
truly believe it.
And so this is one of
the things that I do.
You know, we're living
in a matrix system.
And we can't really,
unfortunately, completely
break out of the matrix system
because we're submerged inside
of a light matrix, number one.
Then, we're inside
of another matrix.
We're inside of the
governmental matrix.
institutional matrix.
We're inside of
the prison matrix.
All those are other
systematic matrixes--
the capitalist society matrix--
that have been put on us.
What you have to do,
you have to learn
how to maneuver
through these things.
You have to learn how to
maneuver through them.
You have to understand, yes,
you have to dabble in them
because this is where
we are, right now.
But at the same time,
you have to know
where you can pull back.
And you have to know
when you can bend them--
when you can bend them.
And that's what I like to do.
I like to bend the Matrix.
The Law of Attraction
in the matrix
is "when you are in sync with
the universal consciousness.
And you warp or bend the matrix.
And the Law of Attraction
kicks in, allowing your needs
and wants to fall toward you.
Simply put, the
Law of Attraction
is the ability to
attract into our lives
whatever we are focusing on.
It is believed that regardless
of age, nationality,
or religious belief, we are
all susceptible to the laws
which govern the
universe, including
the Law of Attraction.
It is the Law of
Attraction which
uses the power of
the mind to translate
whatever is in our thoughts and
materialize them into reality.
How do we get in sync with
the universal consciousness?
To do this, we must first raise
our vibration of our thoughts.
In the third
dimension, the universe
only responds to
high-frequency thoughts."
This is important stuff.
This is what I've been
telling you the whole time.
I spent a lot of time just
on principle number one
because I think that's one of
the most powerful principles.
Because you really can't
advance any much further if
you have a weak mind, and a
weak mindset, and a dark mind.
You have to realize that.
Thoughts create reality.
Second principle--
as above, so below.
The Principle of
Correspondence--
as above, so below.
This is another powerful
understanding we have to have,
here.
In other words, everything
on the macro scale
is the same on the micro scale.
In other words, right now,
I have cells in my body.
And each one of those
cells in my body
can do everything that I can do.
Every cell in my body can
do everything that I can do.
And then when you look at
a cell in the human body,
you realize that cell
can be its own universe.
So everything on
the smaller scale
comes to the bigger scale.
And we're going to
talk about that.
For example, the solar
system ironically
is a large-scale object
which resembles an atom that
has electrons orbiting it.
And just like in
the solar system,
planets can switch
positions, especially
in the early formation stages,
an atom can do the same thing.
And if an atom crashes
into another atom,
energetically, the electrons can
jump from one orbit to another.
So it's amazing how
as above, so below
can happen on a classical scale
in the solar system-- something
as big as the solar system,
all the way down to something
as microscopic as an atom.
This is a video I
played yesterday,
giving just a fundamental
example of as above, so below.
You see?
This is you with the sperm
in the top corner, which
is competing, obviously,
to get to the egg
and then entering your body.
On the other side at the top
corner, you see the sperm.
They're going to get
to this egg, now.
And they've got to battle.
One of them has to win.
So somebody's got to get inside.
And the frequency
that carries sperm
is the male frequency
energy in the universe.
But the frequency that carries
creation is the female energy.
And we may have a chance to go
over that a little bit today
as well.
Then you see in the lower-left
corner, this is you,
where you have a brain
and a spinal cord,
which ironically resemble a
sperm and the sperm's tail.
Now, it's not the sperm and
the sperm's tail growing up
to be a brain and a spinal cord.
But it's an archetype.
It shows you as above, so below.
We start off as a
tiny spermatozoa.
And the next thing
you know, you've
got a brain and a
spinal cord, which
ironically resemble each other.
On the other side,
you have everything
around the body is
just to preserve
the brain and that spinal
cord, which represent the thing
that it started out as first,
which was a spermatozoa.
So it's very
interesting to see it
from that perspective to get a
good understanding of as above,
so below.
This meme says, "Hello.
I am the universe.
And it is a pleasure for
you to meet yourself."
That's a meme I made a
long time ago because you
have to understand that
you are the universe
and the universe is you.
Every planet, every moon, every
stellar nursery, every nebula,
every grain of sand in the
entire universe is you.
And you are it.
And when you
understand that, we're
all part of one main thing.
And like I was talking
about yesterday,
the human brain is
encased in darkness.
It can't see, smell,
touch, or feel anything.
It doesn't even know that
anything even exists.
But it has friends.
So it says to its friends--
sight, hearing, smelling,
feeling, touch, and everything
else--
hey, friends.
I need you guys to go out there
and collect some information.
Go out there and tell
me what's going on.
Those friends go out.
But they themselves can't
decipher the information.
They can only collect the data.
So they go out and
collect data and bring it
back to the brain, which is
encased in total darkness.
When they bring it
back to the brain,
the brain then sorts
it all out and projects
a hologram that says this is
what's going on out there.
And you navigate through this
third dimension, based off
of projected holograms.
And that's how you
navigate this world.
It's not because you
opened your eyes,
and you can see that
there's a road and a path,
and you're walking down it.
It goes way deeper than that.
And everything you see
in the third dimension,
you see in the past.
You see nothing in the
current present moment.
As I'm looking at
this gentleman here,
the light photon is bouncing off
of him and coming into my eye.
There's a time frame for that.
That time frame is
probably a Planck unit.
Now, it's got to
get into my eye.
And it's got to go to
the back of my brain.
And my brain has to
decipher that data.
It happens in a very,
very quick amount of time.
But by the time I recognize
that I've seen him,
he's already moved into
a different position.
You see?
So you don't see anything
in the current moment.
Everything you see
is in the past.
Third principle-- the
Principle of Vibration.
Everything moves.
Everything vibrates-- what
we're talking about now.
The reason why
you can never tell
the location and vibration
of a spin of an atom
at the same time--
this is great for
encryption technology--
is because once you bounce a
photon off of it to look at it,
you change the spin
or the momentum.
You see?
So this is why you can never
tell both at the same time.
Everything has a frequency.
Everything has a vibration.
Everything moves.
Nothing stands still.
To get to absolute zero is
virtually almost impossible
because at the subatomic level,
everything is still vibrating.
So it's very hard to get objects
to reach complete, total zero--
absolute zero.
So now that we know that
everything vibrates,
what does that mean?
Well, if you look
at string theory,
you find out that
according to string theory,
there are these gigantic,
vibrating strings--
subatomic strings,
but they're very big--
vibrating and emanating
these frequencies.
And out of these frequencies--
these vibrating
strings, by the way,
are inside the flower of life.
So they're coming
through something out
of the flower of life called
the vesica piscis, which I'm
going to show you in a minute.
As these energies,
these vibrations,
come through the vesica
piscis, out into what
we call our universe,
they bring with them
everything needed
to create matter.
Now, they start off as
electromagnetic waves
until a conscious observer looks
at it-- looks at these waves
or observes these waves or
interacts with these waves.
And then we collapse
those waves into matter--
to the illusion of matter.
In other words, this podium
doesn't even exist, right here.
Of course, an atom is 99.9%
even more than that empty space.
So this shouldn't even be here.
What is here?
What gives us this
field of solidity?
It's an illusion.
As a matter of fact, the
only thing stopping my hand
from passing through
this podium is
the electromagnetic repulsion
of the electrons in my hand
and the electrons
that are rotating
on the atoms inside this podium.
Now, if I can phase shift
the atomic frequency
of the atoms in my
hand, I can pass my hand
directly through this podium
like it wasn't even there,
and bringing it right back out
with no effect or any injury.
And this is something
that more advanced beings
have the capability of doing.
Sometimes, people think they're
seeing wraiths or ghosts.
They could be seeing
people that are coming
from other dimensions
or have the capability
of using cloaking technology
and walking through things,
like people talk about all the
time in some of these contact
situations.
Sometimes, you know, things
aren't as far-fetched
as they seem until
we really understand
the physics behind them.
And they become more realistic
and understandable as being
technology and understanding
of how the world works,
or how the universe
works, versus
something ambiguous as a ghost.
I'm not saying they don't exist.
But what I'm saying
is it's very possible
to mimic something very
similar to that by just knowing
what to do and how to do it.
So here is a somatic
demonstration and also
a the orbit of the
Earth around the sun.
And you'll see the
pattern that it makes.
And you'll see here in
the upper-left corner cell
division, where we were
talking about earlier how
we have a very good scale
of as above, so below.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
These patterns are
all self-similar and
self-recurring.
If you look at the audio
levitation of the droplets,
you see that they create
this pattern here,
which resembles
Metatron's Cube, which
is a four-dimensional
cube that was most
likely an Ark of the Covenant.
It has many other
technological uses as well.
And inside this
pattern as well, you
can also see something called
a vector equilibrium, which
gives us access to unlimited
power, unlimited energy
sources.
And the ancients
knew all about this.
So we're just starting to
rediscover these things
through frequency and vibration.
Frequency and vibration
are the reason
why a leopard has
spots, why a turtle has
that pattern on its back.
I mean, everything
you could think
of in this entire
third dimension
is because of frequency
and vibration-- frequencies
and vibrations that you
can't necessarily hear.
Don't forget, our human
hearing is very, very weak.
That's why if you buy a dog
whistle, a dog can hear it.
But you can't hear the whistle.
Even our visual
capabilities are very--
we have a very small
capability, visually.
And if you could
see everything that
was going on around
here-- if you
had 100% visual
capability-- you'd
probably freak out right now.
OK?
You'd probably freak out
and run out of this room.
So we have a very
limited perception.
And with that
limited perception,
we're trying to
perceive things that
are way beyond our mental
capabilities at this moment.
Now, this is a famous
cylinder seal from Sumeria.
This cylinder
seal, I believe, is
on display at the British
Museum in England.
And it's a little
fuzzy, obviously.
But you see the king, or
the god, sitting down.
Now, he's very big because he's
much taller than the men that
are to the left--
these three men, there.
And if you were able to
see it a lot clearer--
I know some of you
are kind of far away.
But these three men--
there's one man who's
got his hand on this table.
And he's lifting the
table with one hand.
Now, this is a stone table.
Above that table,
there's a disc.
That disc is not
sitting on the table.
That disc is a frequency
that's emanating
from that object above it--
that arm that's kind of
reaching over the god.
And then you see the
lines coming down.
And that's showing
you that there's
a frequency coming out of this
box at the top of that arm--
that device.
It's very similar to the
one that Edward Leedskalnin
has at the Coral Castle
in Miami, Florida, which
I visited when he built that
megalithic structure in Miami.
He used the same
exact technique.
So this box, or this
device at the top, his arm
is kind of hovering over it.
It's emanating this frequency.
This frequency is
allowing this average man
to lift this stone
table with one hand.
He's teaching human beings
how frequencies and vibration
can create anti-gravity.
This tablet is about
7,000 years old.
7,000 years ago, people with
much more advanced knowledge
were teaching human beings
about anti-gravity technology.
So this is a very,
very famous seal.
And I looked at it,
analyzed it, broke it down.
And I realized this
was technology at work.
So again, everything
operates off
of frequencies and vibrations.
The Principle of Polarity--
"Everything is dual.
Everything has poles.
Everything has its
pair of opposites.
Like and unlike are the same.
Opposites are
identical in nature,
but different in degree."
This is important that
you understand this.
"Like and unlike are the same.
Opposites are
identical in nature,
but different in degree.
Extremes meet.
All truths are but half-truths.
All paradoxes may
be reconciled."
So we'll take, for example,
something as simple
as the temperature of atoms.
Let's say that this was a
jar of water, for example.
And the bottom part
of the water was hot.
And the top half of
the water was cold.
It's still water.
And it'd still be H2O.
The only difference
is the temperature.
And this is important for people
to understand that everything
flows in and out.
Everything has ties.
Everything has a
rise and a fall.
yin and a yang--
positive and negative.
You can't have
good without evil.
evil without good.
It's just part of the
balance of the universe.
That's just the way it is.
And once you really
understand that,
you start to see things
a lot differently.
So if you're interacting
with a person,
for example, how can you
apply this to your life?
If you're interacting
with the person
that disappointed you
for whatever reason.
You thought this person was
going to do something for you
and take care of a situation.
And it didn't work out that way.
Don't be disappointed
at the person.
Be disappointed at yourself
because you had an expectation
from that person.
See, when you become a better
judge of people and drop
expectations, then you're
more likely to not get
yourself hurt.
Now, in other words, if you
tell somebody to do something,
but if they don't get it done,
don't have an expectation
that they will get it done
because that person may
fail you.
That's just the way life is.
Unfortunately, that's
just the way life is.
So that's just a
very rare example.
Some people get really
down because they've
been disappointed by other
people over and over again,
not realizing it may be
some of the decisions
that they're making
in who they're picking
to enact out or act out these
particular things that they're
looking to get done.
The Principle of Rhythm--
"Everything flows out and in.
Everything has tides."
Everything rises and falls,
like I was talking about before.
"The pendulum swing
manifests in everything.
The measure of the
swing to the right
is the measure of the
swing to the left.
Rhythm compensates."
Now, there's a
video here I'm going
to show that shows a swinging
motion, and an object
in the way, and how the swinging
motion moves this object.
And we have to imagine us as
a conscious movement coming
together to become one
and to work together
to overthrow the 1% that
are running and controlling
this planet.
We have 7.5 billion people on
this planet being run by 1%.
Basically, really 13 families,
just a little over 100 people,
control everything--
literally control everything.
Shame on us.
It's our fault. It's not
their fault. It's our fault.
It's our fault for all the wars.
It's our fault for
all the destruction.
Is our fault for
all the slavery.
It's our fault all
the political systems
that are in place and all the
demonic activity going on.
It's our fault.
You know why?
Because there's
7.5 billion of us,
and we can't get along with the
person sitting right next to us
enough to have a
decent conversation.
And if 7.5 million people
got together all in unison,
all in one accord, all
on the same frequency,
there's no way 100 people could
then run or control and tell
us what to do and inject
poisons into our baby
and feed us poisons
at the grocery store
and make us pay these
fake taxes and make us pay
these fake mortgages on fake
money that doesn't exist,
and all this other crazy stuff
that we're allowing to happen.
And just literally
work us to death--
work us so hard that all we
can think about is retirement.
And by the time we
get to retirement,
we can't even take
the retirement money
and go anywhere because
we got diseases, now.
And we can't even travel.
Think about that.
Because why?
We have no unison.
We have no pendulum swing.
We're not swinging
like a pendulum.
We're not moving in unison to
move the object out of the way.
What we're doing
is we're literally
focusing on conquer
and divide tactics
and actually allowing
it to happen.
And then we're also focused on
all the distraction tactics.
I got to pay my mortgage.
If I don't do that, if I
don't go to work to do this,
if I don't--
I've got to take care
of this situation.
I got to go to work over here.
I got to pay these taxes.
I've got to-- it's just
we're in a rat race.
We're in a rat race.
And we let that distract
us from loving one another,
from talking to people,
from even saying hi
when we walk past
somebody on the street.
We're so distracted and so
distraught and torn apart,
we don't realize all the
powers in the people--
all the powers in unity.
There's more power in
unity than division.
They keep us divided.
They've been keeping us
divided since ancient times.
I'll tell you how far back this
goes to a good record of it.
When you look at the
Sumerian tablets,
you find out about
a situation called
the Tower of Babel incident.
When you look in the
modern-day Bible,
you look at the same incidents.
In the modern-day Bible,
the Tower of Babel--
Yahweh, who's really Enlil
from the Sumerian tablets,
he came back after being away.
Now, what God goes away
and comes back and doesn't
know what's going on?
Obviously, this wasn't
a god, a real god,
a creator of the universe god.
This was a person
that was advanced,
who went away and came
back and was shocked.
I don't know if the
creator of universe
is going to be shocked
by anything because he's
going to know everything.
So this isn't a real god.
I'm trying to make
this point to you.
In the Sumerian tablets,
it's not a real god.
It's an and Anunnaki person.
This is a person of advanced
knowledge and wisdom.
Goes away and comes back.
Human beings are building this
tower-- tower in the space--
mimicking something that
they saw the Anunnaki do.
He's shocked by this
because at that moment,
he realizes human beings
have the capability of not
only being just as good as the
Anunnaki in terms of technology
and working together, maybe
even can surpass them.
And because we outnumber them,
this had to come to an end
immediately.
So what did he do in the Bible?
The same thing he
did in the tablets.
He destroyed the Tower of Babel.
And then he goes
and takes the people
that were working together
in unison, all as one, all
in love with one another
on a common goal,
and rips them apart.
Then he changes their
languages, sends them
to different parts
of the planet.
And he says, "My seed shall
not abide a man forever.
His years shall be
numbered to 120."
Well, guess what they just
found out at Harvard University?
A human being can
live to 120 years
under the most pristine
conditions because
of a fusion of
chromosome number 2
that happened
thousands of years ago.
They can't figure
out how it happened.
But it had to happen
in a laboratory,
they're saying, because this
can't happen through evolution.
So at some point in
the distant past--
we already know
who it was, Enlil.
He ordered a genetic
modification on human beings
to fuse chromosome number
2 and put a telomere cap
on one end and a telomere
cap on the other end.
And that telomere cap has
something called genetic buffer
material.
And in this genetic
buffer material,
scientists discovered what?
Every time your cells and
DNA replicate, the buffer
gets smaller and
smaller and smaller.
When the buffer caps
are out of material,
your body begins
the death process.
And that's how you die.
Now, what they've
done at Harvard
is they discovered how to stop
the telomeres from shrinking
in mice.
In mice, they have
created a situation
where these mice live three
times longer than they
should have, which means they
can do it to human beings.
But guess what's going to
happen if we don't take back
control of this planet?
They're going to start
selling you time.
That's where we're going.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
So here, we have a
pendulum swinging.
This would be mankind in unison.
[DISTORTED VOICES]
Maybe I slowed it down too much.
But this is a very
simple example
of how easy it is to move
an object out of the way
when you're working
on one accord.
Just a very simple, short
demonstration video.
But imagine that that
pendulum was us--
all of the people of the
planet, all working together
on one accord to take
care of one another,
to make sure that
nobody's starving,
to make sure that everybody's
got power and electricity,
to stop governments
from sending children
to go to war against other
people in other countries
that they haven't met-- didn't
even know they even existed.
Don't even know these
people, what they're about,
who they are, to go
kill them and kill
their families for
no reason whatsoever,
all for the sake of
making more money.
People in $10,000 suits
sending kids halfway
around the world to
blow up another family
living in a tent.
This all has to come to an end.
And it's our fault.
It's our fault
because we have been silent.
And we've allowed it to happen.
We haven't fought
hard enough against--
I'm not talking about
picketing and rioting.
I'm not talking about that.
If you want to end this
system that we're under,
we only have to do one thing.
We have to say no.
And what do I mean by that?
No, I'm not paying my mortgage.
No, I'm not going to
pay my taxes anymore.
go to work on Monday.
30 million people don't
go to work on Monday?
The system collapses.
No, you can't have my
money, Mr. Rothschild.
I'm going to take all of
my money out of your banks.
If 20 or 30 million people
went to the bank on Monday
morning to take all their
money out-- first of all,
they don't have that
much cash available
because the money
doesn't even exist.
Only 15% of the cash
is available, anyway.
The banks collapse in one day.
Capitalistic society-- gone.
OK, elites, you
negotiate with us, now.
We tell you what
we want to happen.
A person now will be
raised to a level of status
based on how good they
are at what they do,
how well they can help and
become in service to others.
You know, we need a
different economy.
We have to change our mindsets
in order to change the world.
We have to get out of
his capitalistic society.
Now, while we're in this
capitalistic society,
we have to utilize it and dabble
in it because right now, it's
only thing that we have working.
But when we get enough
conscious souls on this planet--
they don't understand what
I'm talking about right now.
It may not be today.
It may not be tomorrow.
It might be 300,
400 years from now.
It's going to happen.
People are going to wake up one
day and say enough is enough.
No, we're not going to do it.
And if you don't think that
can happen, I'm telling you,
it happened in the past.
Because we've gone
through these cycles
before over many, many
eons and eons and eons,
where you rise and
fall of civilisation.
And we're headed
into the fifth world.
Even just a small demonstration,
when Martin Luther King
got thousands of people to
stop getting on the buses.
It got to the point where
they were begging people
to get on the buses.
You can do whatever you want.
You can sit down-- you
can drive the damn bus.
Just get back-- because of why?
The economy had lost so much
money from that boycott.
And that was just
a small example.
Imagine if we take all of the
money out of the Rothschild
banks and say we're
done with you guys.
We're not operating
with you anymore.
with you, Mr. Taxman
because 100% of your
income tax goes directly
towards the Rothschild-owned
central bank
interest on fake
money that never
existed in the first place.
Not one penny of your income
tax goes to the US government.
Look it up.
Not one penny.
This is our fault.
We're the ones
that are responsible for
allowing this to happen.
We're in full collusion
through our silence.
OK, let's talk about the Yugas.
We're talking about cycles.
So what I was talking
about is there's
cycles of rise and fall.
They're called the
Yuga cycles in India.
And I love these
because you can see
right now that we're in the
Silver Age, the Treta-Yuga.
We're at the beginning of the
Silver Age on the left side,
actually.
And we're the pioneers of
the Conscious Movement.
We're the pioneers.
We're moving back
into the Golden Age.
We're not on the other
side of the Treta-Yuga,
where we're going
into the bronze.
We're actually on
the side that's
headed back up
towards the golden.
These are very, very
long cycles that
go on for 15,000, 20,000,
30,000 years each.
They're very, very long cycles.
And we're at the beginning
of the Silver, which
means probably to get
to the Golden Age,
we're still looking at probably
7,000 to 8,000 years from now.
But it doesn't mean
that things aren't
going to get a lot
better on this planet.
As people become more
conscious, as people
become more aware of
what's going on, just
within a very short
period of time,
you're going to see
a lot of changes.
Look where we came
from from 100 years ago
to now, from the horse, buggy,
and carriage to space travel.
We have the capability.
It's inside of us.
Within the next 30 years to 40
years, if you're still alive,
you may be able to extend your
life another 50 to 100 years
just on stem cells because
of stem cell research-- using
your own stem cells, not
dead embryos, because they
can take a skin
cell from your body,
now, and turn that skin
cell into a stem cell,
re-inject it into your
body, and cure Alzheimer's
and many other
illnesses and diseases.
This is already being done.
So we're at an age now
where we can go one way--
one reality tunnel, one
path-- or the other.
But this is why we have to keep
putting information out there.
We've got to wake
up a lot of people.
We've got to make
them conscious.
We have to make them
understand these principles.
We've got to get them to the
point where they understand,
so we can continue to head
up towards this Golden
Age in a swift movement.
And what I'd like to see this
time, to be honest with you,
we've done this before.
The Mayans say we've
done this four times.
And we're headed
into the fifth world.
This is not
something that's new.
The Indians believe
the same thing.
This is something
that's gone on for eons.
I'd like to break this cycle.
Why does it have to be a circle?
Why can't we get to the point
where we maintain a Golden Age?
Has anybody ever probably
thought about that?
Like these ancient
sages and so forth?
This was a cycle.
It's always a cycle.
Well, why can't we
break this time loop?
It's time to break it.
It's time to stay
in the Golden Age.
When we get there, we
need to stay there.
So these are some of
the goals that I've
set forth to be able to put
out there into the universe.
I may not be around to
see these things occur.
But I'd like to drop
the seeds and see
if we can manifest them.
And when people say, well,
what do you do for a living?
Well, I alter our
future realities
in the third dimension.
That's what I do.
Let's look at the
Sixth Principle--
the Principle of
Cause and Effect.
"Every cause has its effect,
and every effect has its cause.
Everything happens
according to law.
Chance is but a name for a
law that's not recognized.
There are many
planes of causation,
but nothing escapes the law."
So this is every action has an
equal and opposite reaction.
Every decision
has a consequence.
So literally every
single decision
you make, whether it's
a good consequence
or a bad consequence,
what Thoth is saying
is everything is going
to have a consequence.
So it could be
something as simple
as, OK, I just want
to leave this lecture
and walk out the door.
If I walk out the
door right now,
you guys are going to be
sitting there, going what
in the heck's happening?
I'm never going to go
see Billy Carson again.
That would be the consequence,
just to give you an example.
Or the other decision
I can make is
to stay here, do my
full presentation,
and tell you guys thank
you for coming out
and give you a hug and a kiss.
And you walk out and
go, man, that was great.
I'd like to come back
and see some more.
See?
So every decision you
make has a consequence.
And this goes for
everything-- everything
from even eating food
to going to school
to talking to your kids
to wherever you do.
And I think it's important
that we understand this.
Because I think a lot of times,
we disconnect consequence
from the decision.
We make decisions
without thinking
about the consequences.
And what happens is we
get ourselves in trouble.
This happens all the time.
I mean, it literally
happens all the time.
So what I have now
started try to do myself,
because I'm just as
guilty as everybody else,
is I started when I'm getting
ready to make a decision,
I'm not rushing anymore.
I stop.
And I think.
And sometimes, if there's a
lot of potential consequences,
I write down the
consequences I think
could occur from this decision.
And then I analyze
those consequences.
And based on those
consequences and percentages
of those things
happening, then I
move forward with my decision,
one way or the other.
And if we all did that--
took the time to do that--
and stopped racing,
racing, racing, racing,
racing all the time, making
split-second decisions,
we'd probably end up
having a better life
and having a better
life for our families.
So this is a very
important thing.
I mean, it sounds so simple.
But it's so hard to
do because we have
to make decisions all the time.
And sometimes, it's
hard to slow down.
But there are certain things--
you know, a lot of people
will say, in the religious
aspect, they'll say,
I'm going to go pray about it.
Which I pray, by the way.
Just because I don't
believe in these gods that
are written about
in the Bible doesn't
mean I don't believe in a god.
I believe in the divine
creator of this universe--
the real universal
creator, not the ones
that are written about in
these plagiarized books.
So I pray because
prayer is power.
And that's what
they're trying to say.
They're trying to say, when they
go, I'm going to pray about it,
talking about actually
going and meditating on it
and trying to analyze
the potential outcomes.
And that's a real thing to do.
That's a real
powerful thing to do
and something I
recommend people do.
Newton's Third Law,
if you look at it
from a scientific standpoint--
formally stated,
Newton's Third Law--
"For every action, there is an
equal and opposite reaction.
The statement means that
in every interaction,
there is a pair of forces acting
on the two interacting objects.
The size of the forces
on the first object
equals the size of the
force on the second object."
This can be applied to
every aspect of your life,
not just on a physical object.
To give you a very simple
demonstration here,
you see the girl on the left.
She's taking a jump
shot with a basketball.
The girl pushes on the ball.
And the ball pushes
back on the girl.
But the friction keeps
the girl in place.
She's got her feet
firmly on the ground.
In the second picture,
she's in roller skates.
This is when you're
making decisions
without thinking about
the consequences.
She's on roller skates, now.
She's shooting the basketball.
With the roller skates
taking away the friction,
the girl pushes the ball.
But the ball pushes
back on the girl.
And the girl slides backwards.
Sounds familiar with some of the
things that happen in our life?
Sometimes we slide backwards
a little bit, don't we?
It happens to all of us
because we make decisions
without considering
the consequences.
The Seventh Principle--
the Principle of Gender.
"Gender is in everything.
Everything has masculine
and feminine principles.
Gender manifests on all planes."
Now, this is true.
There's a masculine
energy in the universe
and a feminine energy
in the universe.
And they both have
their own purposes.
I think one of the biggest
misconceptions that
has been going on, like
I talked about yesterday,
is the fact that,
for whatever reason--
well, I know the reason.
It's suppression of
the female energy.
Men have suppressed and
oppressed women and suppressed
the fact that the
female energy is
the creation energy
of the universe
and the most powerful
energy in the universe,
outside of consciousness.
Energetically, it's where
everything-- everything
comes through a womb, including,
like I talked about earlier,
coming out of the matrix.
You have to come out of the
womb in order to be born again.
And male energy has
more to do with some
of the more technical
side of things,
interacting with the female
energies and helping guide it.
But when you look
at, for example,
the oppression of
the female energy--
I'll give you a simple example.
Anybody here been to Egypt?
Cairo?
OK, I've been to Cairo.
You've been there.
Very dirty.
Buildings look
disgusting and tore down.
I'm talking about where the
people live, not the pyramids.
I'm talking about
where the people live.
The streets have
garbage in the streets.
They dump garbage-- there's
garbage and plastic bottles
everywhere you look.
They've now started
dumping garbage
in back of the Great Pyramid.
They turned it into a dump.
The structures are
dilapidated and falling apart.
Everything is one
color, like this color.
There's no yellow, pinks,
and blues and grays--
no different color paints.
Everything is one color,
and there's dirt everywhere.
Very little greenery, not
because it's the desert,
it's because they don't--
it's all men running everything.
You have men dominating
the entire region.
And women are wearing
fully clothed garments.
The only thing they can show is
their eyeballs, and that's it.
They're completely oppressed.
They have no say-so
with rights in anything.
And the place is being run
like a gigantic bachelor pad.
And that's what a
bachelor pad looks like.
You're talking about a bachelor
pad the size of a country.
It's bad.
And that's just one small
example to give you.
And as you look at more
of these countries,
and you start to realize,
man, why this is going on?
You start to look at
the women and realize
they're being oppressed.
There's no feminine
input whatsoever.
This is a small example of
no feminine input in a region
and how destructive it
can be to the area in how
it looks, smells and feels.
You need that balance.
There's no balance, there.
There's zero balance there.
So I made this little video
about the vesica piscis,
which is an intersecting
point between the circles
that come out of
the flower of life.
And this is where all of the
energy flows into our universe
from.
And I'm going to play
this quick video.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
Hey, guys.
4bidden Knowledge, here.
I'm going to talk to you
real quick about the vesica
piscis and the womb of creation.
A circle actually
has two points,
point A and point B.
These two single points
are actually clones
of one another.
And those two points
have equal potential
because point A can
rotate around point B.
And point B can
rotate around point A.
This is one radius that
both circles share.
The black form in the middle
is called the vesica piscis.
You are literally looking
at the womb of the universe.
Every single thing that exists
emanates from the vesica
piscis.
I mean, all-- all of the
vibratory frequencies
that create our
material world actually
emanate from this womb.
The energy from the matrix
is feminine by nature.
The ancients called
it the Sophia energy.
They already knew the universal
energy was actually feminine.
4bidden Knowledge, signing off.
[END PLAYBACK]
So you have to understand.
You look at-- you slice open an
orange, you slice open a lemon.
You look at a female
that's giving birth.
Everything is coming
out of a womb.
And that's just the way it is.
That's just the way it is.
That's just an archetype
of the true reality
of the energy and frequencies
that pour into this dimension.
There was a scientist
that took a flask.
And in this flask, he
heated it and sterilized it.
And then he took it and
turned it into a vacuum
so that it had nothing
in it-- completely
sealed the top and the bottom.
And then he came
back in a few days.
And he took it and put it
under an electron microscope.
And guess what happened?
Inside that vacuumed, sterilized
glass jar that he had,
were life forms--
microscopic-level
lifeforms, but lifeforms.
Fully formed-- fully formed.
In other words, things that
look like insects and scorpions,
but on a microscopic level.
You can only see them with
an electron microscope.
Where'd they come from?
Where'd they come--
it's amazing.
See, we're just
beginning to learn
the secrets of the universe.
The Seven Principles
streamlined--
"Mind may be transmuted."
That's what we were talking
about at the beginning.
All is mind.
"Mind may be transmuted."
You can take information
that you get.
You can vocalize it.
And you can actually turn
it into something that
happens in your own reality.
There's a form of
alchemy, there.
"From state to state,
from degree to degree,
from condition to condition,
from pole to pole,
from vibration to vibration.
True hermetic transmutation
is a mental art."
And this is what we're
all striving for.
You have to realize that
your body is an avatar.
Your body is
literally an avatar.
Your body is a
biological robot that
is being inhabited by
photonic energy, which
is really your spirit.
Your spirit mind,
your spirit conscious,
came and inhabited
this biological avatar
at the moment of inception.
So at the moment that that
sperm got into the egg,
there's a spark.
This is scientifically proven.
There's a spark that happens.
They're trying to say in biology
that this spark occurs because
of some chemical process.
In my personal opinion,
that's literally when--
that spark of light is when
your photonic energy that
is you-- your light
being-- enters
into this biological robot.
Because from that point forward,
you begin to operate it.
If you were to remove your spark
out of your body right now,
your body would
drop to the ground.
It would become an
inanimate object.
The human body literally
is nothing more
than a biological robot.
And to prove that, we'll
look at this video,
here, where they've
taken this monkey
and broken its spine to the
point where the spinal cord is
completely detached
from the upper part.
But they put a little Bluetooth
beam in his head and one
below the broken spine.
And let's see what happens.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> This technology transformed
its ability to move,
the result of a project by
a group of international
scientists who were able
to bypass the injured part
of the animal's spine.
>> To decode the brain
activity is not really new.
To stimulate the spinal cords
is not really new, either.
But there is cessation of both.
And to make the link between
the decoding of this brain
and the stimulation
of the spinal cord,
and to make this communication
exist, is completely new.
>> If you have an injury
of the spinal cord,
messages from the brain aren't
able to reach beyond it down
the nervous system,
resulting in paralysis.
Scientists created a
brain-spinal interface
on a monkey with
a paralyzed leg,
implanting electrodes under
part of the brain that
controlled the limb.
The activity and
information it recorded
showed the movement the
monkey intended to make
and was sent to a computer.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> Nice.
Yeah, we're just
scratching the surface.
We're just scratching
the surface.
So when I tell you that somebody
lives for 100,000 years,
don't be like,
this is impossible.
It's very possible.
We have 3D printers
right now that
can 3D-print organs, nerves,
and even blood vessels.
We have the capability
of recreating lungs, now.
We have technology that can go
in through stem cell technology
and cure all different types
of illnesses in the body.
We have the capability
of utilizing technology
like this to bypass spinal cords
through wireless technology.
We have the capability
now of putting
in bionic eyes, which have
already been developed
and installed into people.
We have all these capabilities
occurring all at once.
We have now a new device.
This kid at Harvard
developed it.
You put on this little
helmet that goes around
behind one of your ears.
It picks up the information
from your brain.
It detects your brainwaves
and communicates
directly to this device
what you're asking it to do.
This device is
connected to Google.
So he can go silently
without moving his lips
and ask this device
any question.
What is the current temperature
in Los Angeles, California--
without saying anything.
And then the device will
go search on the internet
and give him the answer
right back in his ear,
without us hearing it happen.
The next thing you
know is he knows
the temperature of Los Angeles,
and he could be in India.
So he literally has the
internet on his ear.
And anything he wants to
know, he just has to think it.
And the answer
comes back to him.
Do you see how now he can be
considered a god in a less
advanced civilization?
He knows the answer to
everything you could ask him.
He now is a god.
He can even answer
surgical questions
because it's all on Google.
You see?
So this is just a small
fraction of how powerful
the human race can become
and where we can head to.
And we're wrapping it up, here.
The Last Words of Thrice
the Great Hermes--
"Wise words, although
written by my decaying hand,
remain imperishable
through time,
imbued with the medicine of
immortality by the All-Master.
Be unseen and undiscovered
by all those who will come
and go, wandering the
wastelands of life.
Be hidden until an older
heaven births human beings
who are worthy of your wisdom."
That's us.
We're here.
So this is the secret.
This is the mystery.
This is the key that
we need to bring out
when we're talking about
the Hermetic Principles.
The main purpose this was
all done was for our time.
And we're actually in the
moment right now where
we're able to read
this information,
decipher it, understand it, and
actually apply it in our lives
and try to ascend to another
level of consciousness.
And that is the main goal.
So I want to thank
everybody for coming out.
I appreciate you all.
I have to run.
[APPLAUSE]
We've got to wrap
this up because I
have to make this flight.
But I really appreciate
the time that you guys
came and spent here.
Please go to 4bidden
Knowledge dot com.
If you don't have
a copy of the book,
you can get it on the website.
It will get delivered
to you probably
within a two-week time frame,
because each book, I autograph.
I autograph every single book.
I've autographed over
12,000 books, now.
I'm going to stop
when I get to 50,000.
That's my goal.
So when I get to
50k, I'm stopping.
>> And might you be the
reincarnation of Thoth?
>> We all are.
I think that, if you remember
our conversation yesterday
with fractals and
how consciousness
can be transferred from one
person to another, one body
to another, I think through
his words of wisdom,
he has literally found
a way to transfer
his consciousness into me,
you, and everybody else here.
And kind of like a
fractal technology,
we're all taking on small
bits of his knowledge
and wisdom and his spirit.
And we're putting it back out
there to help people in service
to others and help
them develop and evolve
and grow and raise
their own consciousness.
So I think that we
all are probably
a fractal of Thoth himself, just
because we're all sitting here
learning about it.
So thanks again, everybody.
I really appreciate y'all.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]